<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>abp10k2003.txt
<TEXT>


                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                                   (Mark One)

[X]ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES  EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934

                   For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2003

[ ]TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES  EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934

                         Commission File Number 0-19118

                          ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION
                          -----------------------------

             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

                   Nevada                          74-2584033
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       (State or Other Jurisdiction of   (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)
       Incorporation or Organization)

                        500 N. Loop 1604 East, Suite 100
                            San Antonio, Texas 78232
                    (Address of principal executive offices)

         Registrant's telephone number,
         including area code                                  (210)  490-4788

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:
                     Common Stock, par value $.01 per share

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:
                                      None

     Indicate  by check mark  whether the  registrant  (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during  the  preceding  12 months  (or for such  shorter  period  that the
registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No__

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ X ]

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) [ ] Yes [X] No


     The aggregate  market value of the voting stock (which  consists  solely of
shares of common  stock) held by  nonaffiliates  of the  registrant  as June 30,
2003,  based  upon the  closing  per  share  price of $1.08,  was  approximately
$30,917,000 on such date.

     The  number of shares of the  issuer's  common  stock,  par value  $.01 per
share, outstanding as of March 9, 2004 was 36,267,337 shares of which 29,068,400
shares were held by non-affiliates.
<PAGE>

Documents  Incorporated  by  Reference:   Portions  of  the  registrant's  Proxy
Statement  relating to the 2004 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May
21, 2004 have been incorporated by reference herein (Part III).


<PAGE>


                          ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION
                                    FORM 10-K
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                     PART I
                                                                          Page

Item 1.  Business............................................................5
          General............................................................5
          Markets and Customers..............................................6
          Risk Factors.......................................................7
          Regulation of Crude Oil and Natural Gas Activities................13
          Canadian Royalty Matters..........................................15
          Environmental Matters  ...........................................17
          Title to Properties...............................................19
          Employees.........................................................19

Item 2.  Properties.........................................................19
          Primary Operating Areas...........................................19
          Exploratory and Developmental Acreage.............................20
          Productive Wells..................................................21
          Reserves Information..............................................21
          Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas
            Production and Sales Price .....................................23
          Drilling Activities...............................................24
          Office Facilities.................................................24
          Other Properties..................................................25

Item 3.   Legal Proceedings.................................................25

Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders...............25

Item 4A.  Executive Officers of Abraxas.....................................25


                                     PART II

Item 5.   Market for Registrant's Common Equity
            and Related Stockholder Matters.................................27
          Market Information................................................27
          Holders...........................................................27
          Dividends.........................................................27
          Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities...........................27

Item 6.   Selected Financial Data...........................................28

Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
            Condition and Results of Operations.............................28
             General........................................................28
             Results of Operations..........................................31
             Liquidity and Capital Resources................................35
             Critical Accounting Policies...................................41
             New Accounting Pronouncements..................................44

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk........46

Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.......................47

                                       3
<PAGE>



Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
 on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.....................................48

Item 9A.   Controls and Procedures..........................................48

                                    PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant  ..............48

Item 11.  Executive Compensation............................................49

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management....49

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions....................49

Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services ...........................49

                                     PART IV

Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules,
             and Reports on Form 8-K........................................49


           SIGNATURES.......................................................54


                                       4
<PAGE>
                           FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

     We make forward-looking  statements throughout this document.  Whenever you
read a statement that is not simply a statement of historical fact (such as when
we describe what we "believe,"  "expect" or  "anticipate"  will occur or what we
"intend"  to do,  and other  similar  statements),  you must  remember  that our
expectations may not be correct, even though we believe they are reasonable. The
forward-looking  information  contained in this document is generally located in
the  material  set forth under the  headings  "Risk  Factors,"  "Business,"  and
"Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operations" but may be found in other locations as well.  These  forward-looking
statements  generally  relate to our plans and objectives for future  operations
and are based upon our  management's  reasonable  estimates of future results or
trends.  The factors that may affect our  expectations  regarding our operations
include, among others, the following:

          o  our high debt level;

          o  our ability to raise capital;

          o  our limited liquidity;

          o  economic and business conditions;

          o  price and availability of alternative fuels;

          o  political  and  economic  conditions  in oil  producing  countries,
             especially those in the Middle East;

          o  our   success  in   development,   exploitation   and   exploration
             activities;

          o  planned capital expenditures;

          o  prices for crude oil and natural gas;

          o  declines in our production of crude oil and natural gas;

          o  our acquisition and divestiture activities;

          o  results of our hedging activities; and

          o  other factors discussed elsewhere in this document.

                                     PART I

Item 1. Business

General

     Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  is an independent  energy company  engaged
primarily in the acquisition,  development, exploitation and production of crude
oil and  natural  gas.  Our  principal  means of  growth  has been  through  the
acquisition and subsequent development and exploitation of producing properties.
As a result of our historical acquisition activities,  we believe that we have a
substantial  inventory of low risk  exploitation and development  opportunities,
the successful  completion of which is critical to the maintenance and growth of
our current production levels.

     In this report,  PV-10 means estimated  future net revenue  discounted at a
rate of 10% per annum,  before income taxes and with no price or cost escalation
or de-escalation in accordance with guidelines promulgated by the Securities and
Exchange  Commission.  A Mcf is one thousand  cubic feet of natural gas. MMcf is
used to  designate  one million  cubic feet of natural gas and Bcf refers to one
billion cubic feet of natural gas. Mcfe means thousands of cubic feet of natural
gas equivalents,  using a conversion ratio of one barrel of crude oil to six Mcf
of natural gas.  MMcfe means  millions of cubic feet of natural gas  equivalents
and Bcfe means  billions of cubic feet of natural gas  equivalents.  MMBtu means
million  British  Thermal  Units.  The term Bbl means one barrel of crude oil or
natural gas liquids and MBbls is used to designate one thousand barrels of crude
oil or natural gas liquids.

                                       5
<PAGE>

     Our principal areas of operation are Texas and western Canada.  At December
31, 2003,  we owned  interests in 263,730 gross acres  (183,354 net acres),  and
operated properties accounting for approximately 88% of our PV-10,  affording us
substantial  control over the timing and  incurrence  of  operating  and capital
expenditures.  At December 31, 2003 estimated  total proved  reserves were 121.1
Bcfe with an  aggregate  PV-10 of $216.8  million.  During  2003,  we  continued
exploitation activities on our U.S. and Canadian properties.  We participated in
the  drilling  of 24 gross  (11.8  net)  wells  with 23 gross  (11.3  net) being
successful.  The Company  invested  $18.3  million in capital  spending on these
activities during 2003. At the end of 2003, as a result of these activities, our
average daily production was  approximately 24 MMcfe per day which represented a
26%  increase  from  the  daily  production  rate at the  beginning  of the year
(excluding production from the Canadian properties sold in January 2003).


    In January 2003, we completed the following restructuring transactions:

          o  The  closing of the sale of the capital  stock of our  wholly-owned
             subsidiaries Canadian Abraxas Petroleum Limited, referred to herein
             as Canadian Abraxas,  and Grey Wolf Exploration  Inc.,  referred to
             herein  as  Old  Grey  Wolf,  to  a  Canadian   royalty  trust  for
             approximately $138 million.

          o  The closing of a new senior credit  agreement  consisting of a term
             loan facility of $4.2 million and a revolving credit facility of up
             to $50 million with an initial borrowing base of $49.9 million,  of
             which $42.5 million was used to fund the exchange  offer  described
             below  and  the   remaining   availability   funded  the  continued
             development of our existing crude oil and natural gas properties.

          o  The closing of an exchange  offer,  pursuant to which  Abraxas paid
             $264 in cash  and  issued  $610  principal  amount  of new 11 1/2 %
             Secured Notes due 2007,  Series A, referred to herein as New Notes,
             and  31.36  shares  of  Abraxas  common  stock  for each  $1,000 in
             principal  amount of the  outstanding 11 1/2 % Senior Secured Notes
             due 2004,  Series A, and 11 1/2 % Senior Notes due 2004,  Series D,
             issued by Abraxas and  Canadian  Abraxas,  which were  tendered and
             accepted in the  exchange  offer.  An  aggregate  of  approximately
             $179.9  million in principal  amount of the notes were  tendered in
             the exchange  offer and the  remaining  $11.1  million of notes not
             tendered were redeemed.

          o  The  repayment  of Abraxas'  12? % Senior  Secured  Notes due 2003,
             principal amount of $63.5 million, plus accrued interest.

          o  The repayment of Old Grey Wolf's  senior  secured  credit  facility
             with Mirant Canada Energy Capital Ltd.  (Mirant Canada Facility) in
             the amount of approximately $46.3 million.

As a result of these transactions,  we reduced the principal amount of our total
outstanding  long-term debt from approximately $300 million at December 31, 2002
to approximately  $156.4 million at January 23, 2003 ($184.6 million at December
31, 2003) and reduced our annual cash interest  payment from  approximately  $34
million to approximately $4 million, assuming that, as required under the senior
credit  agreement,  Abraxas  continues to issue additional notes in lieu of cash
interest payments on the New Notes.

     On February 23, 2004,  we entered into an amendment to our existing  senior
credit  agreement  providing  for  two  revolving  credit  facilities  and a new
non-revolving credit facility.  Subject to earlier termination on the occurrence
of events of default or other events,  the stated maturity date for these credit
facilities  is  February  1, 2007.  We have  included a detailed  summary of our
amended  senior credit  agreement in  "Management's  Discussion  and Analysis of
Financial  Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources
- Long-Term Indebtedness - Senior Credit Agreement".


Markets and Customers

     The revenue generated by our operations is highly dependent upon the prices
of, and demand for,  crude oil and natural  gas.  Historically,  the markets for
crude oil and  natural gas have been  volatile  and are likely to continue to be
volatile in the future.  The prices we receive for our crude oil and natural gas
production and the level of such production are subject to wide fluctuations and
depend on  numerous  factors  beyond  our  control  including  seasonality,  the


                                       6
<PAGE>

condition of the United States economy (particularly the manufacturing  sector),
foreign imports,  political  conditions in other crude oil-producing and natural
gas-producing  countries, the actions of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting
Countries and domestic  regulation,  legislation and policies.  Decreases in the
prices of crude oil and natural gas have had,  and could have in the future,  an
adverse  effect on the  carrying  value of our proved  reserves and our revenue,
profitability  and cash flow from  operations.  You should  read the  discussion
under  "Risk  Factors - Crude oil and  natural  gas prices and their  volatility
could  adversely  effect  our  revenues,   cash  flows  and  profitability"  and
"Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operations - Critical Accounting  Policies" for more information relating to the
effects on us of decreases in crude oil and natural gas prices.

     In order to manage our  exposure  to price  risks in the  marketing  of our
crude oil and natural  gas,  from time to time we have  entered into fixed price
delivery  contracts,  financial  swaps  and crude oil and  natural  gas  futures
contracts as hedging devices. To ensure a fixed price for future production,  we
may sell a futures contract and thereafter  either (i) make physical delivery of
crude oil or natural  gas to comply  with such  contract  or (ii) buy a matching
futures  contract to unwind our futures  position and sell our  production  to a
customer. These contracts may expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain
circumstances,  including instances where production is less than expected,  our
customers fail to purchase or deliver the contracted  quantities of crude oil or
natural  gas, or a sudden,  unexpected  event  materially  impacts  crude oil or
natural gas prices.  These  contracts  may also  restrict our ability to benefit
from unexpected  increases in crude oil and natural gas prices.  You should read
the  discussion  under  "Management's   Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial
Condition And Results of Operations  -- Liquidity  and Capital  Resources,"  and
"Quantitative  and Qualitative  Disclosures  about Market Risk;  Commodity Price
Risk" for more information regarding our historical hedging activities.

     Substantially  all of our  crude  oil and  natural  gas is sold at  current
market prices under  short-term  arrangements,  as is customary in the industry.
During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2003  three  purchasers  accounted  for
approximately 80% of our United States crude oil and natural gas sales and three
customers accounted for approximately 91% of our crude oil and natural gas sales
in Canada.  We believe  that there are  numerous  other  companies  available to
purchase our crude oil and natural gas and that the loss of one or more of these
purchasers would not materially affect our ability to sell crude oil and natural
gas.  The prices we realize  for the sale of our crude oil and  natural  gas are
subject  to our  hedging  activities.  You  should  read  the  discussion  under
"Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial  Condition  And Results of
Operations -- Liquidity and Capital Resources" and "Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures  about  Market  Risk;  Commodity  Price  Risk" for more  information
regarding our historical hedging activities.

Risk Factors

Risks Related to Our Company

     Our reduced operating cash flow resulting from the sale of Canadian Abraxas
and Old Grey Wolf may put significant strain on our liquidity and cash position.
Our reduced  operating cash flow and resulting  limited liquidity has caused us,
and the  limitations  imposed by our senior  credit  agreement and the New Notes
will  cause us, to  reduce  capital  expenditures,  including  exploitation  and
development  projects.  These reductions will limit our ability to replenish our
depleting reserves,  which could negatively impact our cash flow from operations
and results of operations in the future. In addition, under the terms of the New
Notes,  we are  required,  to the extent  permitted,  to pay down debt under our
senior credit  agreement  and, if permitted,  the New Notes,  with our cash flow
which is not required to pay our capital  expenditures or make cash interest and
tax payments.

     The effects of our reduced  operating  cash flow will be exacerbated by our
high level of debt, which will affect our operations in several  important ways,
including:

          o  A portion of our cash flow from  operations  could be  required  to
             make   principal   and   interest   payments  on  our   outstanding
             indebtedness and may not be available for other purposes, including
             developing our properties;

                                       7
<PAGE>

          o  The covenants  contained in the  indenture  governing the New Notes
             and in the senior credit agreement will limit our ability to borrow
             additional funds or to dispose of assets or use the proceeds of any
             asset sales and may affect our  flexibility  in planning  for,  and
             reacting to, changes in our business; and

          o  Our  debt  level  may  impair  our  ability  to  obtain  additional
             financing in the future for working capital,  capital expenditures,
             acquisitions,  interest  payments,  scheduled  principal  payments,
             general corporate purposes or other purposes.

     Our limited liquidity and restrictions on uses of cash dictated by both our
senior credit  agreement and the New Notes,  combined with our high debt levels,
may hinder our ability to satisfy the substantial capital  requirements  related
to our operations.  The success of our future operations will require us to make
substantial   capital   expenditures  for  the  exploitation,   development  and
production of crude oil and natural gas.

     Under the terms of the senior credit  agreement and the New Notes,  Abraxas
is subject to cash and expenditures  covenants including  limitations on capital
expenditures.  These limitations will have the effect of limiting our ability to
develop our crude oil and natural gas  properties  because much of our cash flow
may be used for debt service. As a result, our ability to replace production may
be  limited.  You  should  read the  discussion  under  "Our  ability to replace
production  with new reserves is highly  dependent on acquisitions or successful
development and exploration activities" for more information regarding the risks
associated with  limitations on our ability to develop our crude oil and natural
gas properties.

     Hedging  transactions may limit our potential gains. Under the terms of the
senior credit  agreement,  we are required to maintain  commodity  price hedging
positions on not less than 40% and not more than 75% of our estimated production
for a rolling  six-month  period. As of December 31, 2003 we had floors in place
as follows:

          Time Period                   Notional Quantities          Price
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
March 1, 2003 - February 29,     5,000 MMBtu of natural gas     Floor of $4.50
2004                             production per day

March 1, 2004 - April 30, 2004   2,000 MMBtu of natural gas     Floor of $4.00
                                 production per day
March 1, 2004 - April 30, 2004   500 Bbls of crude oil          Floor of $22.00
                                 production per day
May 2004                         2,000 MMbtu of natural gas     Floor of $4.00
                                 production per day
May 2004                         500 Bbls of crude oil          Floor of $22.00
                                 production per day
June 2004                        800 Bbls of crude oil          Floor of $22.00
                                 production per day
July 2004                        2,000 MMbtu of natural gas     Floor of $4.00
                                 production per day
July 2004                        500 Bbls of crude oil          Floor of $22.00
                                 production per day

     Subsequent to year-end,  we have entered into additional agreements similar
to those scheduled above (floors) in volume amounts  sufficient to reach the 40%
threshold required by our senior credit agreement.  We anticipate  continuing to
purchase  similar  floors in the future to satisfy  our  requirements  under the
senior credit agreement.

     We cannot  assure you that our  hedging  transactions  will  reduce risk or
minimize  the  effect of any  decline in crude oil or natural  gas  prices.  Any
substantial or extended  decline in crude oil or natural gas prices would have a
material  adverse  effect  on  our  business  and  financial  results.   Hedging
activities may limit the risk of declines in prices,  but such  arrangements may
also  limit,  and have in the  past  limited,  additional  revenues  from  price
increases.  In addition,  such  transactions may expose us to risks of financial
loss under certain circumstances, such as:

          o  production being less than expected; or

                                       8
<PAGE>

          o  price  differences  between  delivery points for our production and
             those in our hedging agreements increasing.

     In 2001,  2002 and 2003, we  experienced  hedging  losses of $12.1 million,
$3.2 million and $842,000, respectively.

     Our ability to replace  production with new reserves is highly dependent on
acquisitions or successful development and exploitation activities.  The rate of
production  from crude oil and natural gas  properties  declines as reserves are
depleted.  Our proved  reserves will decline as reserves are produced  unless we
acquire  additional  properties  containing proved reserves,  conduct successful
exploration,  exploitation  and development  activities or, through  engineering
studies,  identify additional  behind-pipe zones or secondary recovery reserves.
Our future crude oil and natural gas  production is therefore  highly  dependent
upon our level of success in acquiring or finding additional reserves.  While we
have had some  success in pursuing  these  activities,  we have not been able to
fully  replace the  production  volumes  lost from  natural  field  declines and
property  sales.  We have  implemented a number of measures to conserve our cash
resources,  including  postponement  of exploration  and  development  projects.
However, while these measures will conserve our cash resources in the near term,
they will also limit our ability to  replenish  our  depleting  reserves,  which
could negatively  impact our cash flow from operations in the future.  The terms
of our senior credit agreement and the new notes limit our capital  expenditures
which will  further  limit our ability to  replenish  our  reserves  and replace
production.  Further,  in addition to the effects of our limited liquidity,  our
operations  may be  curtailed,  delayed or cancelled by other  factors,  such as
title problems,  weather,  compliance with governmental regulations,  mechanical
problems or shortages or delays in the delivery of  equipment.  We cannot assure
you that our exploration and development  activities will result in increases in
reserves.

     Use of our net operating loss carryforwards may be limited. At December 31,
2003, Abraxas had, subject to the limitation  discussed below, $100.6 million of
net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. tax purposes. These loss carryforwards
will expire from 2003  through  2022 if not  utilized.  In  connection  with the
January  2003  transactions  described  in  Note  2, in  Notes  to  Consolidated
Financial Statements, Item 8, certain of the loss carryforwards were utilized.

     As to a portion of the U.S. net operating loss carryforwards, the amount of
such  carryforwards  that we can use  annually  is limited  under U.S.  tax law.
Additionally,  uncertainties exist as to the future utilization of the operating
loss  carryforwards  under the criteria set forth under FASB  Statement No. 109.
Therefore,  Abraxas has  established a valuation  allowance of $99.1 million and
$76.1   million  for  deferred  tax  assets  at  December  31,  2002  and  2003,
respectively.

     Crude oil and  natural  gas prices  and their  volatility  could  adversely
affect our revenue,  cash flows,  profitability  and growth.  Our revenue,  cash
flows,  profitability  and  future  rate of  growth  depend  substantially  upon
prevailing  prices for crude oil and natural gas.  Natural gas prices  affect us
more than crude oil prices  because  most of our  production  and  reserves  are
natural gas.  Prices also affect the amount of cash flow  available  for capital
expenditures  and our ability to borrow money or raise  additional  capital.  In
addition,  we may have ceiling  limitation  write-downs if prices  decline.  For
example,  during the second quarter of 2002, we had a ceiling  limitation  write
down of approximately $116.0 million. Lower prices may also reduce the amount of
crude oil and natural gas that we can produce economically.

     We cannot predict future crude oil and natural gas prices. Factors that can
cause price fluctuations include:

          o  changes in supply and demand for crude oil and natural gas;

          o  weather conditions;

          o  the price and availability of alternative fuels;

          o  political  and  economic  conditions  in oil  producing  countries,
             especially those in the Middle East; and

                                       9
<PAGE>

          o  overall economic conditions.

     In addition to decreasing our revenue and cash flow from operations, low or
declining  crude oil and  natural  gas  prices  could have  additional  material
adverse effects on us, such as:

          o  reducing  the overall  volumes of crude oil and natural gas that we
             can produce economically;

          o  causing a ceiling limitation write-down;

          o  increasing  our  dependence on external  sources of capital to meet
             our liquidity requirements;

          o  reducing our borrowing base under our senior credit agreement; and

          o  impairing our ability to obtain needed equity capital.

     Lower  crude  oil and  natural  gas  prices  increase  the risk of  ceiling
limitation write-downs. We use the full cost method to account for our crude oil
and natural gas  operations.  Accordingly,  we  capitalize  the cost to acquire,
explore for and develop  crude oil and natural gas  properties.  Under full cost
accounting  rules,  the net  capitalized  cost of  crude  oil  and  natural  gas
properties  may not exceed a  "ceiling  limit"  which is based upon the  present
value of estimated  future net cash flows from proved  reserves,  discounted  at
10%,  plus the lower of cost or fair  market  value of unproved  properties,  as
adjusted for asset retirement obligations. If net capitalized costs of crude oil
and natural gas properties, as adjusted for asset retirement obligations, exceed
the ceiling limit, we must charge the amount of the excess to earnings.  This is
called a "ceiling limitation  write-down." This charge does not impact cash flow
from  operating  activities,  but  does  reduce  our  stockholders'  equity  and
earnings.  The risk that we will be required to write down the carrying value of
crude oil and natural gas  properties  increases  when crude oil and natural gas
prices are low. In addition,  write-downs may occur if we experience substantial
downward  adjustments to our estimated proved  reserves.  An expense recorded in
one period may not be reversed in a subsequent  period even though  higher crude
oil and natural gas prices may have  increased  the  ceiling  applicable  to the
subsequent period.

     We have  incurred  ceiling  limitation  writedowns in the past. At June 30,
2002, for example,  we recorded a ceiling limitation  writedown of $116 million.
We cannot assure you that we will not experience  additional  ceiling limitation
write-downs in the future.

     Estimates of our proved  reserves and future net revenue are  uncertain and
inherently imprecise.  This annual report contains estimates of our proved crude
oil and natural gas  reserves  and the  estimated  future net revenue  from such
reserves.  The  process of  estimating  crude oil and  natural  gas  reserves is
complex and involves  decisions and  assumptions  in the evaluation of available
geological,  geophysical,   engineering  and  economic  data.  Therefore,  these
estimates are imprecise.

         Actual future production, crude oil and natural gas prices, revenues,
taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses and quantities of
recoverable crude oil and natural gas reserves most likely will vary from those
estimated. Any significant variance could materially affect the estimated
quantities and present value of reserves set forth in this annual report. In
addition, we may adjust estimates of proved reserves to reflect production
history, results of exploration and development, prevailing crude oil and
natural gas prices and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.

     You  should  not  assume  that the  present  value of future  net  revenues
referred to in this annual  report is the current  market value of our estimated
crude oil and natural gas reserves.  In accordance  with SEC  requirements,  the
estimated  discounted  future net cash flows from proved  reserves are generally
based on prices  and costs as of the end of the period of the  estimate.  Actual
future  prices and costs may be  materially  higher or lower than the prices and
costs as of the end of the year of the estimate.  Any changes in  consumption by
natural gas  purchasers  or in  governmental  regulations  or taxation will also
affect actual future net cash flows.  The timing of both the  production and the
expenses  from the  development  and  production  of crude oil and  natural  gas


                                       10
<PAGE>

properties  will  affect the timing of actual  future net cash flows from proved
reserves and their present value. In addition, the 10% discount factor, which is
required by the SEC to be used in calculating  discounted  future net cash flows
for reporting  purposes,  is not necessarily the most accurate  discount factor.
The effective interest rate at various times and the risks associated with us or
the crude oil and natural gas  industry in general  will affect the  accuracy of
the 10% discount factor.

     The  estimates of our reserves  are based upon  various  assumptions  about
future production levels, prices and costs that may not prove to be correct over
time. In particular, estimates of crude oil and natural gas reserves, future net
revenue from proved reserves and the PV-10 thereof for the crude oil and natural
gas properties  described in this annual report are based on the assumption that
future crude oil and natural gas prices remain the same as crude oil and natural
gas  prices at  December  31,  2003.  The sales  prices as of such date used for
purposes of such estimates  were $31.03 per Bbl of crude oil,  $27.19 per Bbl of
NGLs and $5.05 per Mcf of natural  gas.  This  compares  with  $29.69 per Bbl of
crude  oil,  $18.89  per Bbl of NGLs  and  $3.79  per Mcf of  natural  gas as of
December 31, 2002.  These estimates also assume that we will make future capital
expenditures  of  approximately  $50.4  million  in  the  aggregate,  which  are
necessary to develop and realize the value of proved undeveloped reserves on our
properties.  Any significant  variance in actual results from these  assumptions
could also  materially  affect the estimated  quantity and value of reserves set
forth herein.

         We have experienced recurring net losses. The following table shows the
losses we had in 1998, 1999, 2001 and 2002:

                                       Years Ended December 31,
                                 1998        1999        2001       2002
                                 ----        ----        ----       ----

       Net loss                $(84.0)      $(36.7)    $(19.7)    $ (118.5)


     While we had net income in 2000 of $8.4 million, if the significant gain on
the  sale  of  an  interest  in a  partnership  were  excluded,  we  would  have
experienced a net loss for the year of ($25.5) million.  Similarly, while we had
net  income of $55.9  million in 2003,  if the gain on the sale of our  Canadian
subsidiaries were excluded, we would have experienced a net loss for the year of
($13.0)  million.  We cannot  assure you that we will become  profitable  in the
future.

     The marketability of our production  depends largely upon the availability,
proximity  and  capacity  of  natural  gas  gathering  systems,   pipelines  and
processing facilities.  The marketability of our production depends in part upon
processing  facilities.  Transportation  space  on such  gathering  systems  and
pipelines is  occasionally  limited and at times  unavailable  due to repairs or
improvements  being made to such  facilities or due to such space being utilized
by other  companies  with  priority  transportation  agreements.  Our  access to
transportation  options  can also be  affected  by U.S.  federal  and  state and
Canadian  regulation of crude oil and natural gas production and transportation,
general economic conditions, and changes in supply and demand. These factors and
the  availability  of  markets  are  beyond  our  control.   If  market  factors
dramatically  change,  the  financial  impact  on us  could be  substantial  and
adversely affect our ability to produce and market crude oil and natural gas.

     Our Canadian  operations are subject to the risks of currency  fluctuations
and in some instances economic and political developments. We conduct operations
in Canada. The expenses of such operations are payable in Canadian dollars while
most of the  revenue  from  crude oil and  natural  gas sales is based upon U.S.
dollar price indices.  As a result,  Canadian operations are subject to the risk
of fluctuations in the relative values of the Canadian and U.S. dollars.  We are
also required to recognize foreign currency  translation gains or losses related
to any debt issued by our Canadian subsidiary because the debt is denominated in
U.S.  dollars and the  functional  currency of such  subsidiary  is the Canadian
dollar. Our foreign operations may also be adversely affected by local political
and economic  developments,  royalty and tax increases and other foreign laws or
policies,  as well as U.S. policies affecting trade,  taxation and investment in
other countries.

     We depend on our key personnel.  We depend to a large extent on Robert L.G.
Watson, our Chairman of the Board,  President and Chief Executive  Officer,  for
our management and business and financial  contacts.  The  unavailability of Mr.
Watson could have a materially adverse effect on our business.  Mr. Watson has a
three-year  employment  contract  with Abraxas  commencing on December 21, 1999,


                                       11
<PAGE>

which  automatically  renews  thereafter for successive  one-year periods unless
Abraxas  gives 120 days notice prior to the  expiration  of the original term or
any extension  thereof of its intention not to renew the  employment  agreement.
Our  success is also  dependent  upon our  ability to employ and retain  skilled
technical personnel.  While we have not experienced difficulties in employing or
retaining  such  personnel,  our failure to do so in the future could  adversely
affect our business.

Risks Related to Our Industry

     Our  operations  are subject to numerous risks of crude oil and natural gas
drilling and production  activities.  Our crude oil and natural gas drilling and
production  activities are subject to numerous  risks,  many of which are beyond
our control. These risks include the following:

          o  that no commercially productive crude oil or natural gas reservoirs
             will be found;

          o  that crude oil and natural gas drilling and  production  activities
             may be shortened, delayed or canceled; and

          o  that our ability to develop, produce and market our reserves may be
             limited by:

          o  title problems,

          o  weather conditions,

          o  compliance with governmental requirements, and

          o  mechanical  difficulties  or shortages or delays in the delivery of
             drilling rigs and other equipment.

     In the past, we have had difficulty  securing drilling equipment in certain
of our core  areas.  We cannot  assure  you that the new wells we drill  will be
productive  or  that we  will  recover  all or any  portion  of our  investment.
Drilling for crude oil and natural gas may be unprofitable.  Dry holes and wells
that are productive but do not produce  sufficient net revenues after  drilling,
operating and other costs are unprofitable.  In addition,  our properties may be
susceptible  to  hydrocarbon  draining from  production  by other  operations on
adjacent properties.

     Our industry also experiences  numerous  operating  risks.  These operating
risks include the risk of fire, explosions,  blow-outs, pipe failure, abnormally
pressured formations and environmental  hazards.  Environmental  hazards include
oil spills,  natural gas leaks, ruptures or discharges of toxic gases. If any of
these  industry  operating  risks  occur,  we  could  have  substantial  losses.
Substantial losses also may result from injury or loss of life, severe damage to
or destruction of property, clean-up responsibilities,  regulatory investigation
and  penalties  and  suspension  of  operations.  In  accordance  with  industry
practice,  we  maintain  insurance  against  some,  but not  all,  of the  risks
described  above.  We cannot assure you that our  insurance  will be adequate to
cover losses or liabilities.  Also, we cannot predict the continued availability
of insurance at premium levels that justify its purchase.

     We operate in a highly competitive  industry which may adversely affect our
operations.  We  operate in a highly  competitive  environment.  Competition  is
particularly  intense with respect to the  acquisition of desirable  undeveloped
crude oil and natural gas properties.  The principal  competitive factors in the
acquisition of such undeveloped crude oil and natural gas properties include the
staff and data necessary to identify,  investigate and purchase such properties,
and the financial resources necessary to acquire and develop such properties. We
compete  with major and  independent  crude oil and  natural gas  companies  for
properties  and the  equipment  and labor  required to develop and operate  such
properties.  Many of  these  competitors  have  financial  and  other  resources
substantially greater than ours.

     The principal  resources  necessary for the  exploration  and production of
crude oil and  natural  gas are  leasehold  prospects  under which crude oil and
natural gas reserves may be discovered,  drilling rigs and related  equipment to
explore for such reserves and  knowledgeable  personnel to conduct all phases of
crude oil and natural gas  operations.  We must compete for such  resources with


                                       12
<PAGE>

both major  crude oil and  natural  gas  companies  and  independent  operators.
Although we believe our current  operating and financial  resources are adequate
to preclude  any  significant  disruption  of our  operations  in the  immediate
future, we cannot assure you that such materials and resources will be available
to us.

     We face  significant  competition  for  obtaining  additional  natural  gas
supplies for gathering and processing  operations,  for marketing NGLs,  residue
gas,  helium,  condensate  and  sulfur,  and for  transporting  natural  gas and
liquids.  Our principal  competitors  include major integrated oil companies and
their  marketing  affiliates  and  national  and local gas  gatherers,  brokers,
marketers and distributors of varying sizes, financial resources and experience.
Certain  competitors,  such as major crude oil and natural gas  companies,  have
capital resources and control supplies of natural gas substantially greater than
ours.  Smaller  local  distributors  may enjoy a  marketing  advantage  in their
immediate service areas.

     Our crude oil and  natural  gas  operations  are  subject to  various  U.S.
federal,  state and local  and  Canadian  federal  and  provincial  governmental
regulations that materially  affect our operations.  Matters  regulated  include
discharge  permits for  drilling  operations,  drilling and  abandonment  bonds,
reports concerning operations,  the spacing of wells and unitization and pooling
of properties and taxation.  At various times,  regulatory agencies have imposed
price controls and limitations on production.  In order to conserve  supplies of
crude oil and natural gas, these  agencies have  restricted the rates of flow of
crude oil and natural  gas wells  below  actual  production  capacity.  Federal,
state,  provincial  and  local  laws  regulate  production,  handling,  storage,
transportation and disposal of crude oil and natural gas, by-products from crude
oil and  natural  gas and other  substances  and  materials  produced or used in
connection with crude oil and natural gas operations.  To date, our expenditures
related  to  complying   with  these  laws  and  for   remediation  of  existing
environmental contamination have not been significant. We believe that we are in
substantial  compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.  However,  the
requirements  of such laws and  regulations  are frequently  changed.  We cannot
predict the ultimate cost of compliance with these  requirements or their effect
on our operations.

Regulation of Crude Oil and Natural Gas Activities

     The exploration, production and transportation of all types of hydrocarbons
are subject to significant governmental regulations. Our operations are affected
from time to time in varying  degrees by  political  developments  and  federal,
state, provincial and local laws and regulations.  In particular,  crude oil and
natural gas  production  operations and economics are, or in the past have been,
affected by industry  specific  price  controls,  taxes,  conservation,  safety,
environmental,  and other laws relating to the petroleum industry, by changes in
such laws and by constantly changing administrative regulations.

         Price Regulations

     In the past,  maximum  selling prices for certain  categories of crude oil,
natural  gas,  condensate  and  NGLs  in  the  United  States  were  subject  to
significant federal regulation.  At the present time, however,  all sales of our
crude oil, natural gas,  condensate and NGLs produced in the United States under
private contracts may be sold at market prices. Congress could, however, reenact
price  controls in the future.  If controls  that limit  prices to below  market
rates are instituted, our revenue would be adversely affected.

     Crude oil and natural gas exported  from Canada is subject to regulation by
the National  Energy Board ("NEB") and the  government of Canada.  Exporters are
free to negotiate prices and other terms with  purchasers,  provided that export
contracts  in  excess  of two  years  must  continue  to meet  certain  criteria
prescribed by the NEB and the  government  of Canada.  Crude oil and natural gas
exports for a term of less than two years must be made pursuant to an NEB order,
or, in the case of exports for a longer duration, pursuant to an NEB license and
Governor in Council approval.

     The provincial  governments of Alberta,  British  Columbia and Saskatchewan
also regulate the volume of natural gas that may be removed from these provinces
for  consumption  elsewhere  based  on such  factors  as  reserve  availability,
transportation arrangements and marketing considerations.

         The North American Free Trade Agreement

     On January 1, 1994, the North American Free Trade Agreement ("NAFTA") among
the governments of the United States, Canada and Mexico became effective. In the


                                       13
<PAGE>

context of energy resources, Canada remains free to determine whether exports to
the U.S. or Mexico will be allowed provided that any export restrictions do not:
(i) reduce the  proportion of energy  resources  exported  relative to the total
supply of the energy resource (based upon the proportion  prevailing in the most
recent 36 month  period);  (ii) impose an export  price higher than the domestic
price;  or (iii)  disrupt  normal  channels of supply.  All three  countries are
prohibited from imposing minimum export or import price requirements.

     NAFTA contemplates the reduction of Mexican  restrictive trade practices in
the energy sector and prohibits  discriminatory  border  restrictions and export
taxes.  The agreement  also  contemplates  clearer  disciplines on regulators to
ensure fair  implementation of any regulatory changes and to minimize disruption
of  contractual  arrangements,  which is  important  for  Canadian  natural  gas
exports.  The Texas Railroad  Commission has recently become the lead agency for
Texas for coordinating  permits  governing Texas to Mexico cross border pipeline
projects.  The availability of selling natural gas into Mexico may substantially
impact the interstate natural gas market on all producers in the coming years.

         United States Natural Gas Regulation

     Historically,  the  natural gas  industry as a whole has been more  heavily
regulated  than  the  crude  oil  or  other  liquid  hydrocarbons  market.  Most
regulations focused on transportation  practices.  Currently, the Federal Energy
Regulatory  Commission (the "FERC),  requires each interstate pipeline to, among
other things,  "unbundle" its traditional  bundled sales services and create and
make  available  on an open and  nondiscriminatory  basis  numerous  constituent
services (such as gathering services,  storage services,  firm and interruptible
transportation  services, and standby sales and natural gas balancing services),
and to adopt a new  ratemaking  methodology to determine  appropriate  rates for
those  services.  To the extent  the  pipeline  company  or its sales  affiliate
markets natural gas as a merchant,  it does so pursuant to private  contracts in
direct  competition  with  all of the  sellers,  such as us;  however,  pipeline
companies and their affiliates are not required to remain "merchants" of natural
gas, and most of the interstate  pipeline  companies  have become  "transporters
only," although many have affiliated marketers

     Transportation  pipeline  availability  and shipping cost are major factors
affecting the  production and sale of natural gas. Our physical sales of natural
gas are  affected  by the  actual  availability,  terms  and  cost  of  pipeline
transportation.  The price and terms for access onto the pipeline transportation
systems remain subject to extensive Federal  regulation.  Although FERC does not
directly  regulate our production and marketing  activities,  it does affect how
buyers  and  sellers  gain  access  to and use of the  necessary  transportation
facilities and how we and our competitors  sell natural gas in the  marketplace.
FERC continues to review and modify its regulations regarding the transportation
of natural gas. For example,  the FERC has recently  begun a broad review of its
natural gas transportation regulations, including how its regulations operate in
conjunction with state proposals for natural gas marketing  restructuring and in
the increasingly  competitive marketplace for all post-wellhead services related
to natural gas.


     In  recent  years the FERC also has  pursued a number of  important  policy
initiatives which could significantly affect the marketing of natural gas in the
United States.  Most of these initiatives are intended to enhance competition in
natural gas markets.  FERC rules  encouraging  "spin  downs," or the breakout of
unregulated  gathering activities from regulated  transportation  services,  may
have the adverse  effect of increasing the cost of doing business on some in the
industry,  including us, as a result of the geographic monopolization of certain
facilities by their new,  unregulated owners. As to all of the FERC initiatives,
the ongoing,  or, in some  instances,  preliminary  and evolving nature makes it
impossible  at this time to  predict  their  ultimate  impact  on our  business.
However,  we do not  believe  that  any  FERC  initiatives  will  affect  us any
differently  than  other  natural  gas  producers  and  marketers  with which we
compete.

     FERC  decisions  involving  onshore  facilities  are more  liberal in their
reliance upon traditional  tests for determining what facilities are "gathering"
and therefore exempt from federal regulatory  control.  In many instances,  what
was  in  the  past  classified  as  "transmission"  may  now  be  classified  as
"gathering."  We ship  certain of our natural gas through  gathering  facilities
owned by  others,  including  interstate  pipelines,  under  existing  long term
contractual  arrangements.  Although  FERC  decisions  create the  potential for
increasing  the  cost of  shipping  our  natural  gas on third  party  gathering
facilities,  our shipping  activities have not been materially affected by these
decisions.

                                       14
<PAGE>

     In summary,  all of the FERC activities  related to the  transportation  of
natural gas result in improved  opportunities to market our physical  production
to a variety  of buyers  and market  places,  while at the same time  increasing
access to pipeline  transportation and delivery services.  Additional  proposals
and proceedings  that might affect the natural gas industry in the United States
are considered from time to time by Congress,  the FERC, state regulatory bodies
and the courts.  We cannot  predict when or if any such  proposals  might become
effective or their effect, if any, on our operations.  The crude oil and natural
gas  industry  historically  has been very heavily  regulated;  thus there is no
assurance that the less stringent  regulatory  approach  recently pursued by the
FERC and Congress will continue indefinitely into the future.

         State and Other Regulation

     All of the  jurisdictions  where we own producing crude oil and natural gas
properties  have  statutory  provisions   regulating  the  exploration  for  and
production  of crude oil and natural gas.  These  include  provisions  requiring
permits for the drilling of wells and maintaining bonding  requirements in order
to drill or operate wells and provisions  relating to the location of wells, the
method of  drilling  and  casing  wells,  the  surface  use and  restoration  of
properties  upon which wells are  drilled and the  plugging  and  abandoning  of
wells.  Our  operations  are  also  subject  to  various  conservation  laws and
regulations.  These  include the  regulation of the size of drilling and spacing
units or proration  units on an acreage basis and the density of wells which may
be  drilled  and the  unitization  or  pooling  of  crude  oil and  natural  gas
properties.  In this regard,  some states and provinces allow the forced pooling
or  integration  of tracts to  facilitate  exploration  while  other  states and
provinces rely on voluntary pooling of lands and leases. In addition,  state and
provincial  conservation  laws establish  maximum rates of production from crude
oil and natural gas wells,  generally prohibit the venting or flaring of natural
gas and impose certain requirements regarding the ratability of production. Some
states,  such as Texas  and  Oklahoma,  have,  in  recent  years,  reviewed  and
substantially revised methods previously used to make monthly  determinations of
allowable  rates of production from fields and individual  wells.  The effect of
all of these conservation  regulations is to limit the speed, timing and amounts
of crude oil and  natural gas we can  produce  from our wells,  and to limit the
number of wells or the location at which we can drill.

     State and provincial  regulation of gathering facilities generally includes
various safety,  environmental,  and in some  circumstances,  non-discriminatory
take or service requirements,  but does not generally entail rate regulation. In
the United  States,  natural  gas  gathering  has  received  greater  regulatory
scrutiny  at both the state  and  federal  levels in the wake of the  interstate
pipeline  restructuring  under FERC. For example,  the Texas Railroad Commission
enacted a Natural Gas  Transportation  Standards  and Code of Conduct to provide
regulatory  support for the State's  more active  review of rates,  services and
practices  associated with the gathering and transportation of natural gas by an
entity  that  provides  such  services to others for a fee, in order to prohibit
such entities from unduly discriminating in favor of their affiliates.

     For those  operations  on U.S.  Federal or Indian oil and gas leases,  such
operations must comply with numerous regulatory restrictions,  including various
non-discrimination  statutes,  and certain of such  operations must be conducted
pursuant to certain  on-site  security  regulations  and other permits issued by
various  federal  agencies.  In  addition,  in the United  States,  the Minerals
Management Service ("MMS") prescribes or severely limits the types of costs that
are  deductible  transportation  costs for  purposes  of  royalty  valuation  of
production sold off the lease. In particular,  MMS prohibits  deduction of costs
associated with marketer fees, cash out and other pipeline imbalance  penalties,
or long-term  storage  fees.  Further,  the MMS has been engaged in a process of
promulgating  new rules and  procedures for  determining  the value of crude oil
produced from federal lands for purposes of  calculating  royalties  owed to the
government.  The crude oil and natural gas  industry as a whole has resisted the
proposed  rules under an  assumption  that royalty  burdens  will  substantially
increase.  We cannot predict what, if any,  effect any new rule will have on our
operations.

Canadian Royalty Matters

     In addition to Canadian federal  regulation,  each province has legislation
and  regulations  that  govern  land  tenure,   royalties,   production   rates,
environmental  protection and other matters. The royalty regime is a significant
factor in the  profitability of crude oil and natural gas production.  Royalties
payable on  production  from lands  other than  Crown  lands are  determined  by
negotiations  between the  mineral  owner and the lessee.  Crown  royalties  are
determined  by  governmental  regulation  and  are  generally  calculated  as  a
percentage  of the  value of the  gross  production,  and the rate of  royalties
payable  generally  depends  in  part  on  prescribed   reference  prices,  well
productivity,  geographical  location,  field  discovery  date  and the type and


                                       15
<PAGE>

quality of the petroleum product produced.

     From time to time the  governments  of Alberta  and British  Columbia,  the
provinces  where  almost all of New Grey  Wolf's  production  is  located,  have
established  incentive  programs  which have included  royalty rate  reductions,
royalty  holidays and tax credits for the purpose of  encouraging  crude oil and
natural gas exploration or enhanced  planning  projects.  All of New Grey Wolf's
production is from oil and gas rights which have been granted by the Provinces.

     The  Province of Alberta  requires  the payment from lessees of oil and gas
rights of annual rental payments as well as royalty  payments.  Regulations made
pursuant to the Mines and Minerals Act (Alberta) provide various  incentives for
exploring and developing crude oil reserves in Alberta.  Crude oil produced from
horizontal  extensions  commenced  at  least  five  years  after  the  well  was
originally  spudded may qualify for a royalty  reduction.  An 8,000 cubic meters
exemption  is available  to  production  from a well that has not produced for a
12-month  period prior to January 31, 1993 or 24  consecutive  months  following
such date.  In addition,  crude oil  production  from eligible new field and new
pool  wildcat  wells and  deeper  pool test  wells  spudded  or  deepened  after
September 30, 1992, is entitled to a 12-month royalty exemption (to a maximum of
CDN $1  million).  Crude oil  produced  from low  productivity  wells,  enhanced
recovery  schemes (such as injection  wells) and  experimental  projects is also
subject to royalty reductions.

     The  Alberta  government  classifies  conventional  crude  oil  into  three
categories,  being Old Oil, New Oil and Third Tier Oil. Each have a base royalty
rate of 10%.  The rate  caps on the  categories  are 25% for oil from  crude oil
pools discovered after September 30, 1992, being the Third Tier Oil, 30% for oil
from pools or pool extensions discovered after April 1, 1974, from wells drilled
or deepened after October 31, 1991 or from  reactivated  wells and which are not
Third Tier Oil, and 35% for Old Oil.

     Effective  January 1, 1994,  the  calculation  and  payment of natural  gas
royalties  became subject to a simplified  process.  The royalty reserved to the
Crown, subject to various incentives,  is between 15% or 30%, in the case of new
natural gas, and between 15% and 35%, in the case of old natural gas,  depending
upon a prescribed or corporate  average  reference  price.  Natural gas produced
from qualifying intervals in eligible natural gas wells spudded or deepened to a
depth below 2,500 meters is also subject to a royalty  exemption,  the amount of
which depends on the depth of the well.

     In  Alberta,  a producer  of crude oil or natural gas is entitled to credit
against the royalties  payable to the Crown by virtue of the Alberta Royalty Tax
Credit ("ARTC") program. The ARTC program is based on a price-sensitive formula,
and the ARTC rate  currently  varies  between 75% for prices for crude oil at or
below CDN $100 per cubic meter (CDN $15.90 per Bbl) and 35% for prices above CDN
$210 per cubic meter (CDN $33.38 per Bbl). The ARTC rate is currently applied to
a maximum of CDN $2.0  million  of  Alberta  Crown  royalties  payable  for each
producer or associated  group of producers.  Crown  royalties on production from
producing properties acquired from corporations  claiming maximum entitlement to
ARTC will generally not be eligible for ARTC. The rate is established  quarterly
based on average "par price", as determined by the Alberta  Department of Energy
for the previous quarterly period.

     Producers  of  crude  oil and  natural  gas in  British  Columbia  are also
required to pay annual rental  payments in respect of Crown leases and royalties
and freehold  production  taxes in respect of crude oil and natural gas produced
from Crown and freehold lands  respectively.  British  Columbia also  classifies
conventional  crude oil into the three  categories of Old Oil, New Oil and Third
Tier Oil. The amount payable as a royalty in respect of crude oil depends on the
vintage of the crude oil (whether it was produced from a pool discovered  before
or after  October 31, 1975) or a pool in which no well was  completed on June 1,
1998),  the quantity of crude oil produced in a month and the value of the crude
oil.  Crude oil produced from a discovery well may be exempt from the payment of
a  royalty  for the first 36 months of  production  to a maximum  production  of
72,024 Bbls. The royalty payable on natural gas is determined by a sliding scale
based on a  classification  of the gas based on whether it is  conservation  gas
(gas  associated  with marketed oil  production)  and by drilling and land lease
date and on a reference price which is the greater of the amount obtained by the
producer and at prescribed minimum price. Conservation gas has a minimum royalty
of 8%. The  royalty  rate ranges  from  between 9% and 27% for wells  drilled on
lands issued after May 31, 1998 and before January 1, 2003 and completed  within
5 years of the date the lands  were  issued  and  between  12% and 27% for wells
spudded  after May 31, 1998 on lands where  rights had been issued as of May 31,
1998.

                                       16
<PAGE>

Environmental Matters

     Our operations are subject to numerous federal, state, provincial and local
laws and regulations controlling the generation,  use, storage, and discharge of
materials into the  environment  or otherwise  relating to the protection of the
environment.  These laws and regulations may require the acquisition of a permit
or other authorization  before construction or drilling commences;  restrict the
types, quantities, and concentrations of various substances that can be released
into the  environment in connection with drilling,  production,  and natural gas
processing activities;  suspend,  limit or prohibit  construction,  drilling and
other activities in certain lands lying within wilderness,  wetlands,  and other
protected areas; require remedial measures to mitigate pollution from historical
and on-going  operations  such as use of pits and  plugging of abandoned  wells;
restrict  injection  of liquids  into  subsurface  strata  that may  contaminate
groundwater; and impose substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from our
operations.  Environmental permits required for our operations may be subject to
revocation,  modification,  and  renewal  by issuing  authorities.  Governmental
authorities  have the power to enforce  compliance  with their  regulations  and
permits,  and  violations  are  subject to  injunction,  civil  fines,  and even
criminal  penalties.   Our  management  believes  that  we  are  in  substantial
compliance with current environmental laws and regulations, and that we will not
be required to make material capital  expenditures to comply with existing laws.
Nevertheless,   changes  in  existing  environmental  laws  and  regulations  or
interpretations  thereof  could have a  significant  impact on us as well as the
crude oil and natural gas industry in general, and thus we are unable to predict
the  ultimate  cost and  effects  of future  changes in  environmental  laws and
regulations.

     In  the  United   States,   the   Comprehensive   Environmental   Response,
Compensation  and  Liability  Act  ("CERCLA"),  also known as  "Superfund,"  and
comparable state statutes impose strict, joint, and several liability on certain
classes of persons who are  considered to have  contributed  to the release of a
"hazardous  substance" into the environment.  These persons include the owner or
operator of a disposal site or sites where a release occurred and companies that
generated,  disposed or arranged  for the disposal of the  hazardous  substances
released  at  the  site.   Under  CERCLA  such  persons  or  companies   may  be
retroactively  liable for the costs of cleaning up the hazardous substances that
have been released into the  environment  and for damages to natural  resources,
and it is common for  neighboring  land owners and other  third  parties to file
claims for personal  injury,  property  damage,  and recovery of response  costs
allegedly caused by the hazardous substances released into the environment.  The
Resource  Conservation  and Recovery Act ("RCRA") and comparable  state statutes
govern the  disposal  of "solid  waste"  and  "hazardous  waste"  and  authorize
imposition of  substantial  civil and criminal  penalties for failing to prevent
surface  and  subsurface  pollution,  as  well  as to  control  the  generation,
transportation,  treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous waste generated by
crude oil and natural  gas  operations.  Although  CERCLA  currently  contains a
"petroleum  exclusion" from the definition of "hazardous  substance," state laws
affecting our  operations  impose  cleanup  liability  relating to petroleum and
petroleum related products,  including crude oil cleanups. In addition, although
RCRA regulations  currently  classify certain oilfield wastes which are uniquely
associated  with  field  operations  as   "non-hazardous,"   such   exploration,
development  and  production  wastes  could be  reclassified  by  regulation  as
hazardous  wastes  thereby  administratively  making such wastes subject to more
stringent handling and disposal requirements.

     We currently own or lease,  and have in the past owned or leased,  numerous
properties that for many years have been used for the exploration and production
of crude oil and natural gas. Although we utilized  standard industry  operating
and disposal  practices at the time,  hydrocarbons or other wastes may have been
disposed of or released on or under the  properties  we owned or leased or on or
under  other  locations  where  such  wastes  have been taken for  disposal.  In
addition,  many of these  properties  have been  operated by third parties whose
treatment and disposal or release of  hydrocarbons or other wastes was not under
our control.  These properties and the wastes disposed thereon may be subject to
CERCLA,  RCRA,  and analogous  state laws.  Our  operations are also impacted by
regulations  governing the disposal of naturally occurring radioactive materials
("NORM").  We must comply with the Clean Air Act and  comparable  state statutes
which  prohibit the  emissions of air  contaminants,  although a majority of our
activities are exempted under a standard exemption.  Moreover,  owners,  lessees
and  operators  of crude oil and  natural  gas  properties  are also  subject to
increasing  civil  liability  brought by surface  owners and adjoining  property
owners.  Such claims are  predicated on the damage to or  contamination  of land
resources  occasioned  by drilling and  production  operations  and the products
derived  there  from,  and are  usually  causes of action  based on  negligence,
trespass, nuisance, strict liability and fraud.

                                       17
<PAGE>

     United States federal regulations also require certain owners and operators
of facilities  that store or otherwise  handle crude oil, such as us, to prepare
and  implement  spill  prevention,  control and  countermeasure  plans and spill
response plans relating to possible  discharge of crude oil into surface waters.
The federal Oil Pollution Act ("OPA") contains numerous requirements relating to
prevention of, reporting of, and response to crude oil spills into waters of the
United  States.  For  facilities  that may affect state waters,  OPA requires an
operator to  demonstrate  $10 million in  financial  responsibility.  State laws
mandate crude oil cleanup programs with respect to contaminated soil.

     Our  Canadian  operations  are also  subject  to  environmental  regulation
pursuant to local,  provincial and federal  legislation  which generally require
operations  to be conducted in a safe and  environmentally  responsible  manner.
Canadian  environmental  legislation  provides for restrictions and prohibitions
relating to the discharge of air, soil and water pollutants and other substances
produced  in  association  with  certain  crude  oil and  natural  gas  industry
operations,   and  environmental  protection  requirements,   including  certain
conditions  of approval and laws relating to storage,  handling,  transportation
and disposal of materials or substances  which may have an adverse effect on the
environment.  Environmental  legislation  can affect the  location  of wells and
facilities and the extent to which exploration and development is permitted.  In
addition,  legislation  requires that well and facilities sites be abandoned and
reclaimed  to the  satisfaction  of  provincial  authorities.  A breach  of such
legislation  may  result in the  imposition  of fines or  issuance  of  clean-up
orders.

     Certain federal  environmental laws that may affect us include the Canadian
Environmental  Assessment  Act which ensures that the  environmental  effects of
projects  receive  careful  consideration  prior to  licenses  or permits  being
issued,  to ensure  that  projects  that are to be  carried  out in Canada or on
federal lands do not cause significant adverse environmental effects outside the
jurisdictions  in which they are  carried  out,  and to ensure  that there is an
opportunity for public  participation in the environmental  assessment  process;
the  Canadian   Environmental   Protection   Act  ("CEPA")  which  is  the  most
comprehensive  federal environmental statute in Canada, and which controls toxic
substances  (broadly  defined),  includes standards relating to the discharge of
air,  soil and water  pollutants,  provides  for broad  enforcement  powers  and
remedies and imposes significant  penalties for violations;  the National Energy
Board  Act which can  impose  certain  environmental  protection  conditions  on
approvals issued under the Act; the Fisheries Act which prohibits the depositing
of a  deleterious  substance of any type in water  frequented  by fish or in any
place under any condition  where such  deleterious  substance may enter any such
water and provides for significant  penalties;  the Navigable Waters  Protection
Act which  requires  any work which is built in,  on,  over,  under,  through or
across any navigable water to be approved by the Minister of Transportation, and
which  attracts  severe  penalties  and remedies for  non-compliance,  including
removal of the work.

     In  Alberta,  environmental  compliance  has been  governed  by the Alberta
Environmental  Protection and Enhancement Act ("AEPEA") since September 1, 1993.
In addition to consolidating a variety of environmental statutes, the AEPEA also
imposes certain new environmental  responsibilities on crude oil and natural gas
operators in Alberta. The AEPEA sets out environmental  standards and compliance
for  releases,  clean-up  and  reporting.  The Act provides for a broad range of
liabilities, enforcement actions and penalties.

     We are not  currently  involved  in any  administrative,  judicial or legal
proceedings  arising  under  domestic  or  foreign  federal,   state,  or  local
environmental protection laws and regulations,  or under federal or state common
law,  which would have a material  adverse  effect on our financial  position or
results of operations. Moreover, we maintain insurance against costs of clean-up
operations,  but we are not fully  insured  against  all such  risks.  A serious
incident of pollution may result in the suspension or cessation of operations in
the affected area.

     We believe that we have  obtained and are in  compliance  with all material
environmental permits, authorizations and approvals.

     All of our oil and gas wells will require proper  plugging and  abandonment
when they are no longer producing.  We post bonds with most regulatory  agencies
to ensure compliance with our plugging responsibility.  Plugging and abandonment
operations  and  associated  reclaimation  of the  surface  production  site are
important components of our environmental management system. We plan accordingly
for the ultimate disposition of properties that are no longer producing.

                                       18
<PAGE>

Title to Properties

     As is customary in the crude oil and natural gas  industry,  we make only a
cursory review of title to  undeveloped  crude oil and natural gas leases at the
time we acquire them. However,  before drilling commences, we require a thorough
title search to be  conducted,  and any  material  defects in title are remedied
prior to the time actual drilling of a well begins. To the extent title opinions
or other investigations reflect title defects, we, rather than the seller of the
undeveloped  property,  are typically  obligated to cure any title defect at our
expense.  If we were unable to remedy or cure any title  defect of a nature such
that it would not be prudent to commence drilling operations on the property, we
could suffer a loss of our entire investment in the property. We believe that we
have good title to our crude oil and natural gas  properties,  some of which are
subject to immaterial  encumbrances,  easements and restrictions.  The crude oil
and  natural gas  properties  we own are also  typically  subject to royalty and
other similar non-cost bearing  interests  customary in the industry.  We do not
believe that any of these  encumbrances  or burdens will  materially  affect our
ownership or use of our properties.

Employees

     As of March 9, 2004,  we had 46 full-time  employees in the United  States,
including 3 executive officers, 3 non-executive  officers, 1 petroleum engineer,
1 geologist,  5 managers, 1 landman, 11 administrative and support personnel and
21 field personnel. Additionally, we retain contract pumpers on a month-to-month
basis. We retain independent geological and engineering consultants from time to
time on a limited basis and expect to continue to do so in the future.

     As of March 9, 2004, New Grey Wolf had 11 full-time employees,  including 4
executive officers,  1 non-executive  officer, 2 geologists and, 4 technical and
clerical personnel in Canada.

Available Information

     Our Annual  Report on Form 10-K,  Quarterly  Reports on Form 10-Q,  Current
Reports on Form 8-K and other reports and  amendments  filed with the Securities
and    Exchange    Commission    are    available    on   our   web    site   at
www.abraxaspetroleum.com   in  the  Investor   Relations   section  as  soon  as
practicable after such reports are filed.

Item 2.  Properties

Primary Operating Areas

Texas

     Our U.S.  operations are concentrated in South and West Texas with over 99%
of the PV-10 of our U.S.  crude oil and natural gas  properties  at December 31,
2003 located in those two regions.  We operate 94% of our wells in Texas. During
2003,  we  drilled  a total of six new  wells  (3.73  net) in Texas  with a 100%
success rate.

     Operations in South Texas are concentrated  along the Edwards trend in Live
Oak and DeWitt Counties, the Frio/Vicksburg trend in San Patricio County and the
Wilcox  trend in Goliad  County.  In total in South  Texas we own an average 93%
working  interest in 43 wells with average  production  of 239 net Bbls of crude
oil and  NGLs  and  6,210  net Mcf of  natural  gas per day for the  year  ended
December 31, 2003. As of December 31, 2003 we had estimated net proved  reserves
in South Texas of 28.6 Bcfe (82% natural gas) with a PV-10 of $57.7 million, 70%
of which was attributable to proved developed reserves.

     Our   West   Texas   operations   are    concentrated    along   the   deep
Devonian/Montoya/Ellenberger  formations and shallow Cherry Canyon sandstones in
Ward  County  and in the  Sharon  Ridge  Clearfork  Field in Scurry  County.  In
September  2000, we entered into a farmout  agreement  with EOG  Resources  Inc.
whereby EOG earned a 75% working  interest in Abraxas' then existing Ward County
Montoya  acreage by paying  Abraxas  $2.5 million and paying 100% of the cost of
the first five wells, the last of which came on line in December 2002. Two wells
were drilled in 2003 in which Abraxas was  responsible for its pro rata share of
drilling and development cost. The farmout agreement terminated in early January
2004 and  accordingly,  EOG is obligated  to reassign  all  unearned  acreage to
Abraxas.

                                       19
<PAGE>

     In total in West Texas we own an average 74% working  interest in 158 wells
with average  daily  production  of 338 net Bbls of crude oil and NGLs and 6,887
net Mcf of  natural  gas per day for the year ended  December  31,  2003.  As of
December 31, 2003, we had  estimated  net proved  reserves in West Texas of 71.1
Bcfe  (80%  natural  gas)  with a PV-10 of  $103.6  million,  60% of  which  was
attributable to proved developed reserves.

Wyoming

     We currently hold over 60,000 contiguous acres in the Powder River Basin in
east central  Wyoming.  The Company has drilled and operates 5 wells in Converse
and Niobrara counties that were completed in the Turner and Niobrara formations.
We own a 100% working interest in these wells that produced an average of 31 net
barrels of crude oil per day in 2003.  As of December 31, 2003 we had  estimated
net proved  producing  reserves in Wyoming of 68,669 barrels of crude oil with a
PV-10 of $280,843.

Western Canada

     We own properties in western  Canada,  consisting  primarily of natural gas
reserves  and  undeveloped  acreage  in the  provinces  of Alberta  and  British
Columbia.  Our Alberta  properties are in two  concentrated  areas; the Caroline
field,  60  miles  northwest  of  Calgary  and  the  Peace  River  Arch  area in
northwestern  Alberta.  We entered into a farmout  agreement  with  PrimeWest in
connection  with the sale of  Canadian  Abraxas  and Old Grey Wolf in January of
2003 to jointly develop these areas in the future. Our other Canadian operations
are located in the Ladyfern area of northeast British Columbia.  During 2003, we
drilled a total of 18 new wells (8.1 net) with a 95% success rate.

     As of December 31, 2003 New Grey Wolf had estimated net proved  reserves of
21.0  Bcfe (77%  natural  gas)  with a PV-10 of $55.2  million  of which 76% was
attributable to proved developed reserves. For the year ended December 31, 2003,
the Canadian  properties  produced an average of  approximately  111 net Bbls of
crude oil and NGLs per day and 2,328 net Mcf of natural gas per day.

Exploratory and Developmental Acreage

     Our principal crude oil and natural gas properties consist of non-producing
and producing crude oil and natural gas leases,  including reserves of crude oil
and  natural  gas in place.  The  following  table  indicates  our  interest  in
developed and undeveloped acreage as of December 31, 2003:

                             Developed and Undeveloped Acreage
                ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                 As of December 31, 2003
                ----------------------------------------------------------------
                     Developed Acreage (1)               Undeveloped Acreage (2)
                --------------------------------- ------------------------------
                  Gross Acres (3)   Net Acres (4) Gross Acres (3)  Net Acres (4)
                ---------------   --------------- --------------- --------------
  Canada             18,238             9,075        155,246           93,866
  Texas              23,671            18,978          5,864            4,692
  Wyoming             3,200             3,200         57,431           53,519
  N. Dakota               -                 -             80               24
                ---------------   ------------------------------  --------------
       Total         45,109            31,253        218,621          152,101
                ===============   ==============================  ==============
---------------

(1) Developed  acreage  consists of acres  spaced or  assignable  to  productive
    wells.
(2) Undeveloped  acreage is  considered  to be those leased acres on which wells
    have  not been  drilled  or  completed  to a point  that  would  permit  the
    production of commercial quantities of crude oil and natural gas, regardless
    of whether or not such acreage contains proved reserves.
(3) Gross  acres  refers  to the  number  of acres  in  which  we own a  working
    interest.
(4) Net  acres  represents  the  number  of  acres  attributable  to an  owner's
    proportionate  working  interest and/or royalty interest in a lease (e.g., a
    50% working  interest in a lease covering 320 acres is equivalent to 160 net
    acres).

Productive Wells

     The  following  table sets forth our total gross and net  productive  wells
expressed separately for crude oil and natural gas, as of December 31, 2003:

                                       20
<PAGE>

                                        Productive Wells (1)
                          -------------------------------------------------
                                      As of December 31, 2003
       ----------------   -------------------------------------------------
       State/Country                 Crude Oil            Natural Gas
       ----------------   ------------------------- -----------------------
                            Gross(2)       Net(3)    Gross(2)       Net(3)
                          ------------- ----------- ----------- -----------
       Canada                    29.0        5.1       205.0        17.0
       Texas                    140.5      112.6        60.5        44.7
       Wyoming                    5.0        5.0        18.0         -
       N. Dakota                  1.0        -           -           -
                          ------------- ----------- ----------- -----------
                Total           175.5      122.7       283.5        61.7
                          ============= =========== =========== ===========
------------
(1) Productive wells are producing wells and wells capable of production.
(2) A gross  well is a well in which we own an  interest.  The  number  of gross
    wells is the total number of wells in which we own an interest.
(3) A net well is deemed to exist when the sum of fractional  ownership  working
    interests  in gross wells  equals one. The number of net wells is the sum of
    our fractional working interest owned in gross wells.

Reserves Information

     The crude oil and natural gas  reserves  of the U.S.  operations  only have
been  estimated as of January 1, 2004,  January 1, 2003, and January 1, 2002, by
DeGolyer  and  MacNaughton,  of Dallas,  Texas.  The  reserves  of the  Canadian
operations  as of January 1, 2004 and  January  1, 2003 have been  estimated  by
DeGolyer and MacNaughton,  and the reserves as of January 1, 2002 were estimated
by McDaniel and Associates Consultants Ltd. of Calgary,  Alberta. The January 1,
2003  reserves  attributable  to the  Canadian  properties  which  were  sold in
connection  with the sale of Canadian  Abraxas and Old Grey Wolf were  estimated
internally.  The  January  1, 2004  reserves  related to an  override  which was
retained by New Grey Wolf were estimated  internally.  Crude oil and natural gas
reserves,  and the  estimates  of the  present  value  of  future  net  revenues
there-from,  were  determined  based on then current  prices and costs.  Reserve
calculations  involve the estimate of future net  recoverable  reserves of crude
oil and  natural  gas and the timing and  amount of future  net  revenues  to be
received there from. Such estimates are not precise and are based on assumptions
regarding a variety of factors, many of which are variable and uncertain.

     The following table sets forth certain  information  regarding estimates of
our crude oil,  natural gas  liquids  and natural gas  reserves as of January 1,
2002, January 1, 2003 and January 1, 2004:

                                       21
<PAGE>

                                                Estimated Proved Reserves
                                         --------------------------------------
                                            Proved        Proved        Total
                                           Developed   Undeveloped     Proved
                                         ------------ -------------- ----------
      As of January 1, 2002 (1)
        Crude oil (MBbls)                      1,980          1,170       3,150
        NGLs (MBbls)                           3,067            585       3,652
        Natural gas (MMcf)                   111,243         77,514     188,757

      As of January 1, 2003 (2)
        Crude oil (MBbls)                      1,782          1,317       3,099
        NGLs (MBbls)                           1,222            284       1,506
        Natural gas (MMcf)                    90,374         48,458     138,832

      As of January 1, 2004
        Crude oil (MBbls)                      2,051          1,578       3,629
        NGLs (MBbls)                             263            242         505
        Natural gas (MMcf)                    52,398         43,885      96,284

------------------

     (1)Reserves  as of January 1, 2002  include  138 MBbls of crude oil,  2,257
        MBbls of NGLs and 80,289MMcf of natural gas that were sold in connection
        with the sale of Canadian Abraxas and Old Grey Wolf in January 2003.
     (2)Reserves  as of  January 1, 2003  include  67 MBbls of crude oil,  1,079
        MBbls of  NGLs,  and  47,066  MMcf of  natural  gas  that  were  sold in
        connection  with  the sale of  Canadian  Abraxas  and Old  Grey  Wolf in
        January 2003.

     The process of estimating crude oil and natural gas reserves is complex and
involves  decisions and  assumptions in the evaluation of available  geological,
geophysical,  engineering  and economic  data.  Therefore,  these  estimates are
imprecise.

     Actual  future  production,  crude oil and natural  gas  prices,  revenues,
taxes,   development   expenditures,   operating   expenses  and  quantities  of
recoverable  crude oil and natural gas reserves most likely will vary from those
estimated.  Any  significant  variance  could  materially  affect the  estimated
quantities  and present  value of reserves set forth in this annual  report.  In
addition,  we may adjust  estimates  of proved  reserves  to reflect  production
history,  results  of  exploration  and  development,  prevailing  crude oil and
natural gas prices and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.

     You  should  not  assume  that the  present  value of future  net  revenues
referred  to in  this  annual  statement  is the  current  market  value  of our
estimated   crude  oil  and  natural  gas  reserves.   In  accordance  with  SEC
requirements,  the  estimated  discounted  future  net cash  flows  from  proved
reserves  are  generally  based on prices and costs as of the end of the year of
the  estimate,  or  alternatively,  if  prices  subsequent  to  that  date  have
increased,  a price near the  periodic  filing date of the  Company's  financial
statements. Because we use the full cost method to account for our crude oil and
natural gas  operations,  we are  susceptible  to significant  non-cash  charges
during  times of  volatile  commodity  prices  because the full cost pool may be
impaired  when prices are low.  At June 30,  2002,  we  incurred a ceiling  test
writedown of  approximately  $116.0  million.  A ceiling test writedown does not
impact cash flow from  operating  activities  but does reduce our  stockholders'
equity and reported  earnings.  We cannot assure you that we will not experience
additional  ceiling  limitation  write-downs in the future. For more information
regarding the full cost method of  accounting,  you should read the  information
under  "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operation - Critical Accounting Policies."

                                       22
<PAGE>

     Actual future  prices and costs may be materially  higher or lower than the
prices  and  costs as of the end of the year of the  estimate.  Any  changes  in
consumption by natural gas purchasers or in governmental regulations or taxation
will also affect actual future net cash flows. The timing of both the production
and the expenses from the  development  and  production of crude oil and natural
gas  properties  will  affect  the  timing of actual  future net cash flows from
proved reserves and their present value. In addition,  the 10% discount  factor,
which is required  by the SEC to be used in  calculating  discounted  future net
cash flows for reporting purposes, is not necessarily the most accurate discount
factor.  The effective  interest rate at various times and the risks  associated
with us or the crude oil and  natural gas  industry  in general  will affect the
accuracy of the 10% discount factor.

     The  estimates of our reserves  are based upon  various  assumptions  about
future production levels, prices and costs that may not prove to be correct over
time. In particular, estimates of crude oil and natural gas reserves, future net
revenue from proved reserves and the PV-10 thereof for the crude oil and natural
gas properties  described in this report are based on the assumption that future
crude oil and  natural  gas prices  remain the same as crude oil and natural gas
prices at December 31, 2003.  The average  sales prices as of such date used for
purposes of such estimates  were $31.03 per Bbl of crude oil,  $27.19 per Bbl of
NGLs and $5.05 per Mcf of  natural  gas.  It is also  assumed  that we will make
future capital  expenditures  of  approximately  $50.4 million in the aggregate,
which are  necessary  to develop  and  realize  the value of proved  undeveloped
reserves on our  properties.  Any  significant  variance in actual  results from
these assumptions could also materially affect the estimated  quantity and value
of reserves set forth herein.

     We file reports of our  estimated  crude oil and natural gas reserves  with
the Department of Energy and the Bureau of the Census.  The reserves reported to
these  agencies  are  required  to be  reported  on a gross  operated  basis and
therefore are not comparable to the reserve data reported herein.

Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids, and Natural Gas Production and Sales Prices

     The following table presents our net crude oil, net natural gas liquids and
net natural  gas  production,  the average  sales price per Bbl of crude oil and
natural gas liquids and per Mcf of natural gas  produced and the average cost of
production  per BOE of production  sold,  for the three years ended December 31,
2003.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                       2001 (1)         2002 (1)          2003 (1)
                                                   ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
<S>                                                       <C>              <C>            <C>
             Crude oil production (Bbls)                  454,063          292,264        251,567
             Natural gas production (Mcf)              17,495,598       15,452,721      6,189,359
             Natural gas liquids production
                  (Bbls)                                  277,969          242,032         37,258
             MMcfe                                         21,888           18,658          7,922
             Average sales price per Bbl of
                  crude oil                        $        24.63    $       24.34    $     30.32
             Average sales price per Mcf of
                  natural gas (2)                  $         3.20    $        2.55    $      4.78
             Average sales price per Bbl of
                  natural gas liquids              $        21.51    $       17.94    $     24.47
             Average sales price per Mcfe          $         3.35    $        2.72    $      4.81
             Average cost of production  per
                  Mcfe produced (3)                $         0.85    $        0.82    $      1.21
------------------
</TABLE>
     (1)Includes  production  for  2001,  2002 and the first 23 days of 2003 for
        Canadian properties sold in January 2003.
     (2) Average sales prices are net of hedging activity.
     (3)Crude oil and natural  gas were  combined  by  converting  crude oil and
        natural gas liquids to a Mcf  equivalent  on the basis of 1 Bbl of crude
        oil and natural gas liquid equals 6 Mcf of natural gas. Production costs
        include direct  operating  costs, ad valorem taxes and gross  production
        taxes.

                                       23
<PAGE>
Drilling Activities

     Thefollowing  table  sets  forth  our gross and net  working  interests  in
exploratory and development  wells drilled during the three years ended December
31, 2003:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                     2001                               2002                              2003
                         -----------------------------      ----------------------------- -------------------------------
                          Gross(1)             Net(2)       Gross(1)             Net(2)         Gross(1)           Net(2)
                         ------------       ----------      ------------       ----------       ----------       --------

Exploratory(3)

  Productive(4)

<S>                             <C>              <C>                <C>              <C>              <C>            <C>
          Crude oil                -                -               1.0              1.0              1.0            1.0

          Natural gas            2.0              1.0               3.0              0.5                -              -

          Dry holes(5)           1.0               .5               3.0              1.5              1.0            0.5
                         ------------       ----------      ------------       ----------       ----------       --------
                  Total          3.0              1.5               7.0              3.0              2.0            1.5
                         ============       ==========      ============       ==========       ==========       ========

Development(6)

  Productive (4)

          Crude oil              2.0              2.0                 -                -              2.0            2.0

          Natural gas           13.0             11.0              14.0             11.8             20.0            8.3

          Dry holes (5)            -                -               1.0              1.0                -              -
                         ------------       ----------      ------------       ----------       ----------       --------
                  Total         15.0             13.0              15.0             12.8             22.0           10.3
                         ============       ==========      ============       ==========       ==========       ========
------------------
</TABLE>

(1)  A gross well is a well in which we own an interest.
(2)  The  number  of net  wells  represents  the  total  percentage  of  working
     interests  held  in all  wells  (e.g.,  total  working  interest  of 50% is
     equivalent to 0.5 net well. A total working  interest of 100% is equivalent
     to 1.0 net well).
(3)  An  exploratory  well is a well  drilled to find and  produce  crude oil or
     natural  gas in an  unproved  area,  to  find a new  reservoir  in a  field
     previously  found to be  producing  crude  oil or  natural  gas in  another
     reservoir, or to extend a known reservoir.
(4)  A productive well is an exploratory or a development well that is not a dry
     hole.
(5)  A dry hole is an exploratory  or development  well found to be incapable of
     producing  either  crude oil or natural  gas in  sufficient  quantities  to
     justify completion as a crude oil or natural gas well.
(6)  A development  well is a well drilled within the proved area of a crude oil
     or natural gas reservoir to the depth of stratigraphic  horizon (rock layer
     or formation)  noted to be productive for the purpose of extracting  proved
     crude oil or natural gas reserves.

     As of  March  9,  2004  we had  five  wells  in  process  of  drilling  and
completing, two in the U.S. and three in Canada.

Office Facilities

     Our executive and administrative offices are located at 500 North Loop 1604
East, Suite 100, San Antonio,  Texas 78232,  consisting of approximately  12,650
square feet leased  until  March 2006 at an  aggregate  base rate of $20,900 per
month.  We also have an office in Midland,  Texas  consisting of 570 square feet
leased through October 2004 at an aggregate base rate of $380 per month.

     New Grey Wolf leases 7,350 square feet of office space in Calgary, Alberta,
leased through December 2008 at an aggregate base rate of $13,400 US$ per month.

                                       24
<PAGE>

Other Properties

     We own 10 acres of land, an office building,  workshop, warehouse and house
in Sinton, Texas, 2.8 acres of land, an office building in Scurry County, Texas,
600  acres of fee land in  Scurry  County,  Texas  and 160 acres of land in Coke
County,  Texas.  All three  properties  are used for the storage of tubulars and
production  equipment.  We also own 25  vehicles  which are used in the field by
employees. We own 2 workover rigs, which are used for servicing our wells.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

     In 2001,  Abraxas and Abraxas  Wamsutter L.P. were named as defendants in a
lawsuit  filed in U.S.  District  Court in the  District of  Wyoming.  The claim
asserts breach of contract, fraud and negligent misrepresentation by Abraxas and
Abraxas  Wamsutter,  L.P. related to the responsibility for year 2000 ad valorem
taxes on crude oil and  natural  gas  properties  sold by  Abraxas  and  Abraxas
Wamsutter,  L.P.  In  February  2002,  a summary  judgment  was  granted  to the
plaintiff in this matter and a final  judgment in the amount of $1.3 million was
entered.  Abraxas  has filed an appeal.  We believe  these  charges  are without
merit. We have established a reserve in the amount of $845,000, which represents
our estimated share of the judgment.

     In 2003,  Abraxas and Leam  Drilling  Systems  each filed suit  against the
other  relating to certain  drilling  services  that Leam  contracted to provide
Abraxas. Abraxas believes that the services were provided in a grossly negligent
manner and that Leam committed  fraud.  Leam has asserted that Abraxas failed to
pay approximately $639,000 for services rendered. The cases are pending in Bexar
County and Ward County, Texas.

     Additionally,  from time to time, we are involved in litigation relating to
claims  arising  out of its  operations  in the normal  course of  business.  At
December  31,  2003,  we were not  engaged  in any  legal  proceedings  that are
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on
our operations.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

     No matter was submitted to a vote of our security holders during the fourth
quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003.

Item 4a. Executive Officers of Abraxas

     Certain  information is set forth below concerning our executive  officers,
each of whom has been  selected  to serve  until  the  2004  annual  meeting  of
shareholders and until his successor is duly elected and qualified.

     Robert  L.  G.  Watson,  age 53,  has  served  as  Chairman  of the  Board,
President,  Chief Executive  Officer and a director of Abraxas since 1977. Since
May 1996,  Mr. Watson has also served as Chairman of the Board and a director of
Grey Wolf.  In November  1996,  Mr.  Watson was  elected  Chairman of the Board,
President and as a director of Canadian Abraxas.  Prior to joining Abraxas,  Mr.
Watson was  employed  in various  petroleum  engineering  positions  with Tesoro
Petroleum  Corporation,  a crude oil and natural gas  exploration and production
company,  from 1972 through 1977,  and DeGolyer and  McNaughton,  an independent
petroleum engineering firm, from 1970 to 1972. Mr. Watson received a Bachelor of
Science degree in Mechanical  Engineering from Southern Methodist  University in
1972 and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Texas
at San Antonio in 1974.

     Chris E. Williford, age 52, was elected Vice President, Treasurer and Chief
Financial  Officer of Abraxas in January 1993,  and as Executive  Vice President
and a director  of Abraxas in May 1993.  In November  1996,  Mr.  Williford  was
elected Vice President and Assistant  Secretary of Canadian Abraxas. In December
1999, Mr. Williford resigned as a director of Abraxas. Prior to joining Abraxas,
Mr.   Williford  was  Chief  Financial   Officer  of  American   Natural  Energy
Corporation,  a crude oil and natural gas  exploration  and production  company,
from July 1989 to December 1992 and President of Clark Resources  Corp., a crude


                                       25
<PAGE>

oil and natural gas exploration and production company, from January 1987 to May
1989.  Mr.  Williford   received  a  Bachelor  of  Science  degree  in  Business
Administration from Pittsburgh State University in 1973.

    Robert W. Carington, Jr., age 42, was elected Executive Vice President and a
director of the Company in July 1998. In December 1999, Mr. Carington resigned
as a director of Abraxas. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Carington was a
Managing Director with Jefferies & Company, Inc. Prior to joining Jefferies &
Company, Inc. in January 1993, Mr. Carington was a Vice President at Howard,
Weil, Labouisse, Friedrichs, Inc. Prior to joining Howard, Weil, Labouisse,
Friedrichs, Inc., Mr. Carington was a petroleum engineer with Unocal Corporation
from 1983 to 1990. Mr. Carington received a degree of Bachelor of Science in
Mechanical Engineering from Rice University in 1983 and a Masters of Business
Administration from the University of Houston in 1990.



                                       26
<PAGE>
                                     PART II


Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

Market Information

     Abraxas common stock began trading on the American Stock Exchange on August
18,  2000,  under the symbol  "ABP."  The  following  table  sets forth  certain
information  as to the high and low bid  quotations  quoted for Abraxas'  common
stock on the American Stock Exchange.

             Period                                    High        Low
2002
             First Quarter                            $   1.70   $    0.89
             Second Quarter                               1.41        0.52
             Third Quarter                                0.98        0.42
             Fourth Quarter                               0.80        0.52

2003
             First Quarter                            $   0.95   $    0.55
             Second Quarter                               1.30        0.61
             Third Quarter                                1.11        0.82
             Fourth Quarter                               1.32        0.88

2004         First Quarter (Through March 9, 2004)    $   3.64   $    1.29

Holders

     As of March 9, 2004, we had 36,267,337  shares of common stock  outstanding
and had approximately 1,597 stockholders of record.

Dividends

     We have not  paid any cash  dividends  on our  common  stock  and it is not
presently  determinable when, if ever, we will pay cash dividends in the future.
In  addition,  the  indenture  governing  the New  Notes and our  senior  credit
agreement  prohibits the payment of cash  dividends  and stock  dividends on our
common stock. You should read the discussion under "Management's  Discussion and
Analysis of  Financial  Condition  and  Results of  Operations  - Liquidity  and
Capital  Resources"  for more  information  regarding  the  restrictions  on our
ability to pay dividends.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

     On January 23, 2003, we issued  approximately  $109.7  million in principal
amount of New Notes and 5,642,699  shares of Abraxas  common stock in connection
with the exchange offer.  These securities were issued pursuant to the exemption
from the  registration  requirements  of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
under  Regulation  D. The  securities  were offered and sold only to  accredited
investors and to no more than 35  non-accredited  investors each of whom Abraxas
believed had such  knowledge and  experience  in financial and business  matters
that  he or she was  capable  of  evaluation  of the  merits  and  risks  on the
investment in the New Notes and shares of Abraxas common stock.

     On July 29, 2003 Abraxas acquired all of the shares of the capital stock of
Wind River Resources  Corporation which owned an airplane.  The sole shareholder
of Wind River was the Company's  President.  The  consideration for the purchase
was 106,977 shares of Abraxas common stock and $35,000 in cash. These securities
were issued pursuant to the exemption from the registration  requirements of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, under Section 4(2).

                                       27
<PAGE>
    Item 6. Selected Financial Data

    The following selected financial data is derived from our Consolidated
           Financial Statements. The data should be read in conjunction with our
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto, and other financial
information included herein. See "Financial Statements" in Item 8.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                1999*             2000*            2001*             2002*            2003*
                                                -----             -----            -----             -----            -----
                                                               (Dollars in thousands except per share data)

<S>                                        <C>               <C>             <C>              <C>               <C>
Total revenue                              $    66,770       $     76,600    $    77,243      $    54,320       $    39,019
Net income (loss)                          $   (36,680) (3)  $      8,449 (2)$   (19,718) (4) $  (118,527) (1)$      55,920 (5)
Net income (loss) per common share   -
   diluted                                 $     (5.41)      $       0.26    $     (0.76)     $     (3.95)      $      1.55
Weighted average shares outstanding -
   diluted (in thousands)                        6,784             22,616         25,789           29,979            36,076
Total assets                               $   322,284       $    335,560    $   303,616      $   181,425       $   126,437
Long-term debt, excluding current
   maturities                              $   273,421       $    266,441    $   285,184      $   236,943       $   184,649
Total stockholders' equity (deficit)       $    (9,505)      $     (6,503)   $   (28,585)     $  (142,254)      $   (72,203)
</TABLE>

(1) Includes ceiling limitation write-down of $116.0 million.
(2) Includes gain on sale of partnership interest of $34 million in 2000 and the
    reclassification  of an extraordinary gain on debt extinguishment in 2000 to
    other income.
(3) Includes ceiling limitation write-down of $19.1 million.
(4) Includes  ceiling  test  write-down  of  $2.6  million  in  2001,  based  on
    subsequent  (March  22,  2002)  realized  prices,  related  to our  Canadian
    operations.
(5) Includes gain on sale of foreign subsidiaries of $ 68.9 million in 2003.

*Data  includes  Canadian  Abraxas and Old Grey Wolf for  1999-2002  and for the
first 23 days of 2003 which were sold in January 2003.

Item 7. Management's  Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results
Of Operations

     The  following is a discussion  of our  consolidated  financial  condition,
results of operations,  liquidity and capital resources.  This discussion should
be read in conjunction with our Consolidated  Financial Statements and the Notes
thereto. See "Financial Statements" in Item 8.

General

     We are an independent  energy company engaged primarily in the acquisition,
exploration,  exploitation  and  production  of crude oil and natural  gas.  Our
principal  means of growth  has been  through  the  acquisition  and  subsequent
development  and  exploitation  of  producing  properties.  As a  result  of our
historical  acquisition  activities,  we  believe  that  we  have a  substantial
inventory of low risk exploitation and development opportunities, the successful
completion  of which is  critical to the  maintenance  and growth of our current
production levels.

     We have incurred net losses in three of the last five years,  and there can
be no  assurance  that  operating  income and net  earnings  will be achieved in
future periods. Our financial results depend upon many factors, particularly the
following factors which most significantly affect our results of operations:

          o  the sales prices of crude oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas;

          o  the level of total sales volumes of crude oil,  natural gas liquids
             and natural gas;

                                       28
<PAGE>

          o  the availability of, and our ability to raise  additional,  capital
             resources and provide liquidity to meet cash flow needs;

          o  the level of and interest rates on borrowings; and

          o  the level and success of exploitation and development activity.

     Commodity  Prices and Hedging  Activities.  Our results of  operations  are
significantly  affected by fluctuations in commodity prices. Price volatility in
the natural gas market has remained  prevalent in the last few years. In January
2001,  the market price of natural gas was at its highest level in our operating
history and the price of crude oil was also at a high level.  However,  over the
course of 2001 and the  beginning  of the first  quarter of 2002,  prices  again
became  depressed,  primarily due to the economic  downturn.  Beginning in March
2002,  commodity  prices began to increase and continued higher through December
2003. Prices have remained strong during the first part of 2004.

     The table below  illustrates  how natural  gas prices  fluctuated  over the
course of 2002 and 2003.  The table below contains the last three day average of
NYMEX traded  contracts price and the prices we realized during each quarter for
2002 and 2003, including the impact of our hedging activities.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                  Natural Gas Prices by Quarter
                                                         (in $ per Mcf)
              ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         Quarter Ended
              ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               March 31,   June 30,    Sept. 30,    Dec. 31,     March 31,    June 30,    Sept. 30,    Dec. 31,
                 2002         2002        2002        2002          2003        2003         2003        2003
              ------------ ----------- ----------- ------------ ----------- ------------- ----------- ------------
<S>           <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>           <C>         <C>
Index         $     2.38   $     3.36  $      3.28 $      3.99  $     6.61  $     5.51    $     5.10  $     4.60
Realized      $     2.21   $     2.44  $      2.08 $      3.47  $     5.13  $     5.11    $     4.50  $     4.30
</TABLE>

         The NYMEX natural gas price on March 9, 2004 was $5.44 per Mcf.

     The table  below  contains  the last  three  day  average  of NYMEX  traded
contracts  price and the prices we  realized  during  each  quarter for 2002 and
2003.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Crude Oil Prices by Quarter
                                                          (in $ per Bbl)
              -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          Quarter Ended
              -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              March 31,   June 30,     Sept. 30,     Dec. 31,      March 31,    June 30,     Sept. 30,    Dec. 31,
                 2002        2002        2002          2002           2003         2003        2003         2003
              ----------- ----------- ------------ -------------- ------------- ----------- ------------ ------------
<S>           <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>
Index         $     19.48 $     26.40 $     27.50  $   28.29      $   33.71     $   29.87   $   30.85    $   29.64
Realized      $     16.64 $     23.47 $     23.47  $   24.83      $   33.22     $   28.53   $   29.52    $   29.73
</TABLE>

         The NYMEX crude oil price on March 9, 2004 was $ 36.28 per Bbl.

     We seek  to  reduce  our  exposure  to  price  volatility  by  hedging  our
production through swaps, options and other commodity derivative instruments. In
2001 and 2002, we experienced  hedging losses of $12.1 million and $3.2 million,
respectively.  In October 2002, all of these hedge agreements  expired.  We made
total payments over the term of these arrangements to various  counterparties in
the amount of $35.1 million.

     Under the terms of our senior credit agreement, we are required to maintain
hedging  positions  with  respect  to not less than 40% nor more than 75% of our
crude oil and natural gas production,  on an equivalent basis, for a rolling six
month period. As of December 31, 2003, we had the following hedges in place:

          Time Period                  Notional Quantities          Price
--------------------------------- ----------------------------- ---------------
March  1,  2003 -  February  29,  5,000 MMBtu of natural gas    Floor of $4.50
2004                              production per day

                                       29
<PAGE>

March 1, 2004 - April 30, 2004    2,000 MMBtu of natural gas    Floor of $4.00
                                  production per day
March 1, 2004 - April 30, 2004    500 Bbls of crude oil         Floor of $22.00
                                  production per day
May 2004                          2,000 Mmbtu of natural gas    Floor of $4.00
                                  production per day
June 2004                         500 Bbls of crude oil         Floor of $22.00
                                  production per day
June 2004                         800 Bbls of crude oil         Floor of $22.00
                                  production per day
July 2004                         2,000 Mmbtu of natural gas    Floor of $4.00
                                  production per day
July 2004                         500 Bbls of crude oil         Floor of $22.00
                                  production per day

     Subsequent to year-end we have entered into additional  agreements  similar
to those scheduled above (floors) in volume amounts  sufficient to reach the 40%
threshold  required by our senior  credit  agreement.  The  Company  anticipates
continuing to purchase  similar floors in the future to satisfy our requirements
under the senior credit agreement.

     Production Volumes.  Because our proved reserves will decline as crude oil,
natural gas and natural gas liquids are produced,  unless we acquire  additional
properties  containing  proved  reserves or conduct  successful  exploration and
development  activities,  our reserves and production will decrease. Our ability
to acquire or find additional reserves in the near future will be dependent,  in
part,  upon the amount of  available  funds for  acquisition,  exploitation  and
development projects.  For more information on the volumes of crude oil, natural
gas liquids and natural gas we have produced during 2001, 2002 and 2003,  please
refer to the information under the caption "Results of Operations" below.

     We have budgeted $10 million for drilling  expenditures in 2004.  Under the
terms of our  senior  credit  agreement  and our New  Notes,  we are  subject to
limitations  on  capital  expenditures.  As a result,  we will be limited in our
ability to replace  existing  production  with new production and might suffer a
decrease in the volume of crude oil and natural gas we produce. If crude oil and
natural  gas  prices  return to  depressed  levels or if our  production  levels
continue to decrease,  our  revenues,  cash flow from  operations  and financial
condition  will be materially  adversely  affected.  For more  information,  see
"Liquidity and Capital Resources - Current  Liquidity  Requirements" and "Future
Capital Resources."

     Availability  of Capital.  As  described  more fully under  "Liquidity  and
Capital  Resources"  below,  our sources of capital are primarily  cash on hand,
cash from operating  activities,  funding under our senior credit  agreement and
the sale of properties.  At March 9, 2004, we had approximately $14.0 million of
availability  under our senior  credit  agreement.  We may also attempt to raise
additional capital through the issuance of debt or equity securities although we
cannot assure you that we will be successful in any such efforts.

     Borrowings  and  Interest.  As a result of the financial  restructuring  we
completed in January 2003, we reduced our indebtedness from approximately $300.4
million at December  31, 2002 to  approximately  $184.6  million at December 31,
2003. In addition,  we decreased  our cash  interest  expense from $34.2 million
during  2002 to $4.3  million  during  2003.  By  decreasing  the  amount of our
indebtedness and required cash interest  payments,  we reduced the amount of our
cash flow from  operations  needed to pay interest on our  indebtedness  so that
more of our capital  resources  could be utilized  for drilling  activities  and
paying other expenses.

     Exploitation   and   Development   Activity   During  2003,   we  continued
exploitation activities on our U.S. properties.  We participated in the drilling
of 24 gross  (11.8  net) wells with 23 gross  (11.3 net) being  successful.  The
Company invested $18.3 million in capital  spending on these  activities  during
2003.  At the end of 2003,  as a result of these  activities,  our average daily
production  was  approximately  24  MMcfepd,  a  26%  increase  from  the  daily
production  rate at the  beginning of the year  (excluding  production  from the
Canadian properties sold in January 2003).

     Outlook for 2004. As a result of final 2003  financial  results and current
market conditions,  Abraxas has updated its operating and financial guidance for
year 2004 as follows:

                                       30
<PAGE>

          Production:
             BCFE (approximately 80% gas........................          8-9
          Price Differentials (Pre Hedge):
             $ Per Bbl..........................................         0.86
             $ Per Mcf..........................................         0.64
          Lifting Coas, $ Per Mce...............................         1.29
          G&A, $ Per Mcfe.......................................         0.60
          Capital Expenditures ($ Millions).....................        10.00


Results of Operations

     Selected  Operating  Data.  The  following  table sets forth certain of our
operating data for the periods presented.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                    Years Ended December 31,
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          (dollars in thousands, except per unit data)
                                                      2001 (1)              2002 (1)              2003 (1)
                                                 -------------------   -------------------   -------------------
Operating revenue:
<S>                                                <C>                   <C>                   <C>
   Crude oil sales.............................    $    11,184           $      7,114          $      7,627
   NGLs sales .................................          5,979                  4,343                   911
   Natural gas sales...........................         56,038                 39,405                29,567
   Gas processing revenue......................          2,438                  2,420                   133
   Rig and other...............................          1,604                  1,038                   781
                                                 -------------------   -------------------   -------------------
   Total operating revenues ...................    $    77,243           $     54,320          $     39,019
                                                 ===================   ===================   ===================

   Operating income (loss).....................    $    19,125           $   (110,903)         $     11,542

   Crude oil production (MBbls)................          454.1                  292.3                 251.6
   NGLs production (MBbls).....................          278.0                  242.0                  37.3
   Natural gas production (MMcf)...............       17,495.6               15,452.7               6,189.4

   Average crude oil sales price (per Bbl)         $     24.63           $      24.34          $      30.32
   Average NGLs sales price (per Bbl)              $     21.51           $      17.94          $      24.47
   Average natural gas sales price (per Mcf)       $      3.20           $       2.55          $       4.78
</TABLE>

Revenue and average sales prices are net of hedging activities.

     (1) Data for  2001,  2002 and the first 23 days of 2003  includes  Canadian
Abraxas and Old Grey Wolf which were sold in January 2003.

Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2003 to Year Ended December 31, 2002.

     Operating  Revenue.  During the year ended  December  31,  2003,  operating
revenue from crude oil,  natural gas and natural gas liquids sales  decreased by
$12.8 million from $50.9 million in 2002 to $38.1 million in 2003.  The decrease
in revenue was primarily due to decreased  production volumes,  primarily due to
the sale of our  Canadian  subsidiaries  in January  2003,  which was  partially
offset by higher commodity  prices realized during the period.  Higher commodity
prices  contributed  $16.5  million to crude oil and natural  gas revenue  while
reduced production  volumes had a $29.3 million negative impact on revenue.  The
Canadian properties which were sold in January 2003 contributed $29.3 million to
revenues  from crude oil and natural gas for the year ended  December  31, 2002,
compared to $3.1 million in 2003 through the date of sale (January 23, 2003).

     Natural gas liquids volumes declined from 242.0 MBbls in 2002 to 37.3 MBbls
in 2003 The decline in natual gas liquids volumes was due almost entirely to the
sale of our Canadian subsidiaries in January 2003. These properties  contributed
232.5 MBbls of natural gas liquids in 2002  compared to 11.7 MBbls  during 2003.
Crude oil sales volumes  declined from 292.3 MBbls in 2002 to 251.6 MBbls during


                                       31
<PAGE>

2003. The Canadian  properties  which were sold in January 2003 contributed 27.7
MBbls of crude oil  production in 2002 compared to 2.4 MBbls in 2003 through the
date  of the  sale.  Crude  oil  production  volumes  relating  to the  Canadian
properties  which  were  retained  and  current  drilling  activities  in Canada
resulted  in an  increase  to 29.0 MBbls in 2003  compared to 9.5 MBbls in 2002.
Crude oil  production  from U.S.  operations  decreased due primarily to natural
field declines. Natural gas sales volumes decreased from 15.5 Bcf in 2002 to 6.2
Bcf in  2003.  This  decrease  is  primarily  due to the  sale  of our  Canadian
subsidiaries in January 2003. The Canadian  properties sold  contributed 9.8 Bcf
in 2002 compared to .558 MMcf in 2003 through the date of sale.

     Average sales prices in 2003 net of hedging costs were:

          o    $30.32 per Bbl of crude oil,
          o    $24.47 per Bbl of natural gas liquids, and
          o    $ 4.78 per Mcf of natural gas.

    Average sales prices in 2002 net of hedging costs were:

          o    $24.34 per Bbl of crude oil,
          o    $17.94 per Bbl of natural gas liquids, and
          o    $ 2.55 per Mcf of natural gas.

     Lease Operating Expense.  Lease operating  expense,  or LOE, decreased from
$15.2  million in 2002 to $9.6  million in 2003 The decrease in LOE is primarily
due the sale of Canadian  Abraxas and Old Grey Wolf in January 2003. LOE related
to the properties  owned by Canadian  Abraxas and Old Grey Wolf was $7.3 million
for the year ended  December  31,  2002.  Excluding  the  properties  sold,  LOE
attributable  to  on  going  operations  increased,   primarily  due  to  higher
production  taxes associated with higher commodity prices in 2003 as compared to
2002. Our LOE on a per Mcfe basis for the year ended December 31, 2003 was $1.21
per Mcfe compared to $0.82 for 2002, primarily due to the decrease in production
volumes.

     G&A Expense.  General and  administrative,  or G&A, expense  decreased from
$6.9  million in 2002 to $5.4  million in 2003 The  decrease  in G&A expense was
primarily  due to a  reduction  in  personnel  in  connection  with  the sale of
Canadian Abraxas and Old Grey Wolf on January 23, 2003. Our G&A expense on a per
Mcfe basis  increased  from $0.37 in 2002 to $0.67 in 2003.  The increase in the
per Mcfe cost was due primarily to lower production  volumes in 2003 as compared
to 2002.

     G&A -  Stock-based  Compensation  Expense.  Effective  July  1,  2000,  the
Financial  Accounting  Standards Board ("FASB")  issued FIN 44,  "Accounting for
Certain  Transactions  Involving  Stock  Compensation",   an  interpretation  of
Accounting  Principles  Board Opinion No. ("APB") 25. Under the  interpretation,
certain modifications to fixed stock option awards which were made subsequent to
December 15, 1998,  and not  exercised  prior to July 1, 2000,  require that the
awards be subject to variable accounting until they are exercised, forfeited, or
expired.  In March 1999,  we amended the exercise  price to $2.06 on all options
with an existing  exercise price greater than $2.06. In January 2003, we amended
the  exercise  price to $0.66  per share on  certain  options  with an  existing
exercise  price  greater  than  $0.66  per  share  which  resulted  in  variable
accounting.  We charged  approximately  $1.1 million to stock based compensation
expense in 2003 related to these  repricings.  During 2002, we did not recognize
any  stock-based  compensation  due to the  decline  in the price of our  common
stock.

     DD&A Expense.  Depreciation,  depletion and amortization,  or DD&A, expense
decreased by $15.7  million from $26.5 million in 2002 to $10.8 million in 2003.
The decrease in DD&A was primarily due to the sale of our Canadian  subsidiaries
in January 2003 as well as ceiling limitation  write-downs in the second quarter
of 2002.  Our DD&A  expense  on a per Mcfe  basis for 2003 was $1.33 per Mcfe as
compared to $1.42 per Mcfe in 2002.

     Interest  Expense.  Interest expense  decreased from $34.1 million to $17.0
million for 2003 compared to 2002.  The decrease in interest  expense was due to
the  reduction  in debt in 2003.  Total  debt  was  reduced  as a result  of the
transactions  which occurred on January 23, 2003.  Total debt was $300.4 million
as of December 31, 2002 compared to $184.6 million at December 31, 2003.

                                       32
<PAGE>

     Ceiling  Limitation  Write-down.  We record the carrying value of our crude
oil and natural gas  properties  using the full cost method of  accounting.  For
more  information  on the full cost  method of  accounting,  you should read the
description under "Critical Accounting Policies-- Full Cost Method of Accounting
for Crude Oil and Natural Gas Activities". At June 30, 2002, our net capitalized
costs of crude oil and natural gas properties  exceeded the present value of our
estimated  proved  reserves  by  $138.7  million  ($28.2  million  on  the  U.S.
properties  and $110.5 million on the Canadian  properties).  These amounts were
calculated  considering June 30, 2002 prices of $26.12 per Bbl for crude oil and
$2.16 per Mcf for  natural gas as  adjusted  to reflect  the  expected  realized
prices for each of the full cost pools.  Subsequent to June 30, 2002,  commodity
prices increased in Canada and we utilized these increased prices in calculating
the ceiling limitation write-down. The total write-down was approximately $116.0
million.  At December 31, 2003 our net capitalized cost of crude oil and natural
gas properties did not exceed the present value of our estimated  reserves,  due
to  increased  commodity  prices  during 2003 and, as such,  no  write-down  was
recorded in 2003.  We cannot assure you that we will not  experience  additional
ceiling limitation write-downs in the future.

     The risk that we will be required to write-down  the carrying  value of our
crude oil and natural gas assets increases when crude oil and natural gas prices
are  depressed  or  volatile.  In  addition,  write-downs  may  occur if we have
substantial downward revisions in our estimated proved reserves or if purchasers
or  governmental  action cause an abrogation  of, or if we  voluntarily  cancel,
long-term  contracts  for our natural gas. We cannot assure you that we will not
experience additional  write-downs in the future. If commodity prices decline or
if any of our proved resources are revised downward, a further write-down of the
carrying value of our crude oil and natural gas properties may be required.

     Income taxes.  Income tax expense increased from a benefit of $29.7 million
for the year ended  December  31,  2002 to an expense of  $377,000  for the year
ended  December 31, 2003.  The expense in 2003 was related to the  operations of
the Canadian  properties  prior to their sale on January 23,  2003.  There is no
current or deferred  income tax expense for 2003 related to on-going  operations
due to the valuation  allowance which has been recorded against the deferred tax
asset.

Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2002 to Year Ended December 31, 2001.

     Operating  Revenue.  During the year ended  December  31,  2002,  operating
revenue from crude oil,  natural gas and natural gas liquids sales  decreased by
$22.3 million from $73.2 million in 2001 to $50.9 million in 2002. This decrease
was  primarily  attributable  to a  decrease  in  production  volumes  and lower
commodity  prices in 2002 as compared to 2001. Crude oil and natural gas revenue
was  impacted  by $11.5  million  from a decline in  commodity  prices and $10.8
million  from  reduced  production.  The  decline in  production  was due to the
disposition of certain properties in south Texas and natural field declines.

     Natural  gas  liquids  volumes  declined  from 278.0 MBbls in 2001 to 242.0
MBbls in 2002.  Crude oil sales  volumes  declined  from 454.1  MBbls in 2001 to
292.3 MBbls during 2002.  Natural gas sales volumes  decreased  from 17.5 Bcf in
2001 to 15.5 Bcf in 2002. Production declines were primarily attributable to our
disposition of assets during 2002 and natural field declines.

     Average sales prices in 2002 net of hedging losses were:

          o    $ 24.34 per Bbl of crude oil,
          o    $ 17.94 per Bbl of natural gas liquids, and
          o    $  2.55 per Mcf of natural gas.
    Average sales prices in 2001 net of hedging losses were:

          o    $24.63 per Bbl of crude oil,
          o    $21.51 per Bbl of natural gas liquids, and
          o    $ 3.20 per Mcf of natural gas.

                                       33
<PAGE>

     Lease Operating  Expense.  LOE expense decreased from $18.6 million in 2001
to $15.2 million in 2002. LOE on a per Mcfe basis for 2002 was $0.82 per Mcfe as
compared to $0.83 per Mcfe in 2001.  The decrease in the per Mcfe cost is due to
a reduced operating cost offset by the decline in production volumes.

     G&A Expense.  G&A expense  increased  slightly from $6.4 million in 2001 to
$6.9  million in 2002.  This  increase  was due  primarily  to  increased  legal
expenses  related to ongoing  litigation in 2002.  Our G&A expense on a per Mcfe
basis  increased  from $0.30 in 2001 to $0.37 in 2002.  The  increase in the per
Mcfe cost was due primarily to lower  production  volumes in 2002 as compared to
2001.

     G&A -  Stock-based  Compensation  Expense.  Effective  July  1,  2000,  the
Financial  Accounting  Standards Board ("FASB")  issued FIN 44,  "Accounting for
Certain  Transactions  Involving  Stock  Compensation",   an  interpretation  of
Accounting  Principles  Board Opinion No. ("APB") 25. Under the  interpretation,
certain modifications to fixed stock option awards which were made subsequent to
December 15, 1998,  and not  exercised  prior to July 1, 2000,  require that the
awards be subject to variable accounting until they are exercised, forfeited, or
expired.  In March 1999,  we amended the exercise  price to $2.06 on all options
with an existing  exercise  price greater than $2.06.  We charged  approximately
$2.8 million to stock-based  compensation  expense in 2000 compared to crediting
approximately  $2.8  million in 2001.  This was due to the decline in the market
price of our Common stock during 2001.  During 2002,  we did not  recognize  any
stock-based compensation due to the decline in the price of our common stock.

     DD&A Expense.  DD&A expense decreased by $5.9 million from $32.4 million in
2001 to $26.5  million in 2002.  The decline in DD&A is due to reductions in our
full  cost  pool  resulting  from  ceiling  test  write-downs,  as well as lower
production volumes.  Our DD&A expense on a per Mcfe basis for 2002 was $1.42 per
Mcfe as compared to $1.74 per Mcfe in 2001.

     Interest  Expense.  Interest expense  increased from $31.5 million to $34.1
million for 2002  compared to 2001.  The increase  was the result of  additional
sales pursuant to our production  payment  arrangement  with Mirant  Americas as
well as increased  borrowings under Old Grey Wolf's credit facility in 2002. The
production payment was reacquired in June 2002 for approximately $6.8 million.

     Ceiling  Limitation  Write-down.  We record the carrying value of our crude
oil and natural gas  properties  using the full cost method of  accounting.  For
more  information  on the full cost  method of  accounting,  you should read the
description under "Critical Accounting Policies-- Full Cost Method of Accounting
for  Crude Oil and  Natural  Gas  Activities".  As of  December  31,  2001,  the
Company's net capitalized costs of crude oil and natural gas properties exceeded
the present  value of its  estimated  proved  reserves by $71.3  million.  These
amounts were calculated  considering  2001 year-end prices of $19.84 per Bbl for
crude oil and $2.57 per Mcf for natural gas as adjusted to reflect the  expected
realized prices for each of the full cost pools.  The Company did not adjust its
capitalized  costs for its U.S.  properties  because  subsequent to December 31,
2001, crude oil and natural gas prices increased such that capitalized costs for
its U.S.  properties  did not exceed the present value of the  estimated  proved
crude oil and natural gas reserves for its U.S.  properties as determined  using
increased  realized prices on March 22, 2002 of $24.16 per Bbl for crude oil and
$2.89 per Mcf for natural gas.

     At June 30, 2002,  our net  capitalized  costs of crude oil and natural gas
properties exceeded the present value of our estimated proved reserves by $138.7
million ($28.2 million on the U.S. properties and $110.5 million on the Canadian
properties).  These amounts were calculated  considering June 30, 2002 prices of
$26.12 per Bbl for crude oil and $2.16 per Mcf for  natural  gas as  adjusted to
reflect the expected realized prices for each of the full cost pools. Subsequent
to June 30, 2002,  commodity  prices  increased in Canada and we utilized  these
increased  prices in calculating the ceiling  limitation  write-down.  The total
write-down  was  approximately  $116.0  million.  At December 31, 2002,  our net
capitalized  cost of crude oil and  natural  gas  properties  did not exceed the
present  value of our  estimated  reserves,  due to increased  commodity  prices
during the fourth quarter and, as such, no further  write-down was recorded.  We
cannot  assure you that we will not  experience  additional  ceiling  limitation
write-downs in the future.

     The risk that we will be required to write-down  the carrying  value of our
crude oil and natural gas assets increases when crude oil and natural gas prices
are  depressed  or  volatile.  In  addition,  write-downs  may  occur if we have
substantial downward revisions in our estimated proved reserves or if purchasers


                                       34
<PAGE>

or  governmental  action cause an abrogation  of, or if we  voluntarily  cancel,
long-term  contracts  for our natural gas. We cannot assure you that we will not
experience additional  write-downs in the future. If commodity prices decline or
if any of our proved resources are revised downward, a further write-down of the
carrying value of our crude oil and natural gas properties may be required.


     Income taxes.  Income tax expense decreased from an expense of $2.4 million
for the year ended  December 31, 2001 to a benefit of $29.7 million for the year
ended  December 31, 2002.  The  decrease  was  primarily  due to the tax benefit
relating  to  the  ceiling   limitation   write-down  related  to  our  Canadian
properties.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

     General.  The  crude  oil and  natural  gas  industry  is a highly  capital
intensive and cyclical business. Our capital requirements are driven principally
by our  obligations  to  service  debt and to fund the  following  costs:

          o    the development of existing  properties,  including  drilling and
               completion costs of wells;

          o    acquisition of interests in crude oil and natural gas properties;
               and

          o    production and transportation facilities.

The amount of capital  available  to us will  affect our  ability to service our
existing  debt  obligations  and to  continue to grow the  business  through the
development of existing properties and the acquisition of new properties.

     Our  sources of capital are  primarily  cash on hand,  cash from  operating
activities,   funding  under  the  senior  credit  agreement  and  the  sale  of
properties.  Our overall  liquidity  depends heavily on the prevailing prices of
crude oil and  natural gas and our  production  volumes of crude oil and natural
gas. Significant  downturns in commodity prices, such as that experienced in the
last nine months of 2001 and the first quarter of 2002, can reduce our cash from
operating  activities.  Although we have hedged a portion of our natural gas and
crude oil production and will continue this practice as required pursuant to the
senior credit  agreement,  future crude oil and natural gas price declines would
have a material  adverse  effect on our  overall  results,  and  therefore,  our
liquidity. Low crude oil and natural gas prices could also negatively affect our
ability to raise  capital  on terms  favorable  to us and could also  reduce the
borrowing base under our senior credit agreement.

     If the volume of crude oil and natural gas we produce  decreases,  our cash
flow from  operations  will  decrease.  Our  production  volumes will decline as
reserves are  produced.  In  addition,  due to sales of  properties  in 2002 and
January 2003, we now have reduced reserves and production levels. In the future,
we may sell  additional  properties,  which could further  reduce our production
volumes.  To offset the loss in production  volumes resulting from natural field
declines  and  sales  of  producing  properties,   we  must  conduct  successful
exploration,   exploitation  and  development  activities,   acquire  additional
producing  properties  or identify  additional  behind-pipe  zones or  secondary
recovery reserves.  While we have had some success in pursuing these activities,
historically, we have not been able to fully replace the production volumes lost
from natural field declines and property sales.

     Working  Capital.   At  December  31,  2003,  our  current  liabilities  of
approximately  $12.6  million  exceeded  our  current  assets  of $10.2  million
resulting  in a working  capital  deficit of $2.4  million.  This  compares to a
working  capital  deficit of $65.7  million as of  December  31,  2002.  Current
liabilities as of December 31, 2003 consisted of trade payables of $6.8 million,
revenues due third parties $2.3  million,  accrued  interest  related to our New
Notes of $2.3 million,  of which $2.0 is non-cash and other accrued  liabilities
of $ 1.2 million.  We do not expect to make cash interest  payments with respect
to the outstanding  New Notes,  and the issuance of additional New Notes in lieu
of cash interest payments thereon will not affect our working capital balance.

                                       35
<PAGE>

     Capital  Expenditures.  Capital  expenditures  in 2001,  2002 and 2003 were
$57.1 million,  $38.7 million and $18.3 million,  respectively.  The table below
sets forth the  components  of these  capital  expenditures  for the three years
ended December 31, 2003.

                                              Year Ended December 31,
                                    -----------------------------------------
                                      2001               2002            2003
                                      ----               ----            ----
                                               (dollars in thousands)
Expenditure category:
      Development                  $    56,694        $  38,560         $ 18,313
      Facilities and other                 362              154               36
                                 -------------     ------------     ------------
      Total                        $    57,056       $   38,714         $ 18,349
                                 =============     =============    ============
------------------

     During 2001,  2002 and 2003,  capital  expenditures  were primarily for the
development  of existing  properties.  We currently  have a capital  expenditure
budget of $10  million  for 2004,  of which $5.0  million is  allocated  to U.S.
projects and $5.0 million is allocated to Canadian drilling projects. We plan to
participate in the drilling or putting on production of 17 gross (13 net) wells,
of  which  11  gross  (11  net)  wells  will  be  operated  by us.  Our  capital
expenditures  could also  include  expenditures  for  acquisition  of  producing
properties if such  opportunities  arise,  but we currently  have no agreements,
arrangements or  undertakings  regarding any material  acquisitions.  We have no
material  long-term capital  commitments and are consequently able to adjust the
level of our expenditures as circumstances dictate.  Additionally,  the level of
capital  expenditures  will  vary  during  future  periods  depending  on market
conditions and other related  economic  factors.  Should the prices of crude oil
and natural gas decline from current levels,  our cash flows will decrease which
may result in a reduction of the capital expenditures budget. If we decrease our
capital  expenditures budget, we may not be able to offset crude oil and natural
gas production  volumes  decreases caused by natural field declines and sales of
producing properties.

     Sources of  Capital.  The net funds  provided by and/or used in each of the
operating,  investing and financing  activities  are summarized in the following
table and discussed in further detail below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               2001               2002             2003
                                                               ----               ----             ----
                                                                        (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                        <C>                  <C>               <C>
Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities        $   16,263           $ (8,336)         $ 23,850
Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities           (30,797)            (5,036)           67,461
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities            20,685             10,836           (95,622)
                                                           --------------     -------------     ------------
Total                                                      $    6,151         $   (2,536)       $   (4,311)
                                                           ==============     =============     ============
</TABLE>

     Operating  activities for the year ended December 31, 2003 provided us with
$23.9 million of cash.  Investing  activities  provided us $67.5 million  during
2003.  Financing  activities used $95.6 million during 2003. Most of these funds
were used to reduce our  long-term  debt and were  generated  by the sale of our
Canadian subsidiaries and the exchange offer completed in January 2003. The sale
of our Canadian subsidiaries  contributed $85.8 million in 2003 reduced by $18.3
million in exploration and development  expenditures.  Expenditures in 2003 were
primarily for the development of crude oil and natural gas properties.

     Operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2002 used $8.4 million
of cash.  Investing  activities  used $5.0 million  during 2002.  Our  investing
activities included the sale of properties which provided $33.9 million, and the
use of $38.9 million  primarily  for the  development  of producing  properties.
Financing  activities  provided  us with $10.8  million  during  2002,  relating
primarily to advances on Old Grey Wolf's credit facility.

    Operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2001 provided us $16.3
million of cash. Investing activities included the sale of properties which


                                       36
<PAGE>

provided $28.9 million, and the use of $57.1 million for the development of
producing properties and $2.7 million for the acquisition of the minority
interest in Grey Wolf. Financing activities provided $20.7 million during 2001,
including the provision of additional funding of $11.7 million under our
production payment arrangement with Mirant Americas, and the provision of $18.3
million under Old Grey Wolf's credit facility. Payments on long-term debt used
$9.3 million.

     Future Capital Resources.  We will have four principal sources of liquidity
going  forward:  (i) cash on hand,  (ii) cash from operating  activities,  (iii)
funding  under  the  senior  credit  agreement,  and  (iv)  sales  of  producing
properties.  Covenants  under the  indenture  for the New  Notes and the  senior
credit  agreement  restrict  our  use of  cash  on  hand,  cash  from  operating
activities  and any  proceeds  from asset  sales.  We may also  attempt to raise
additional capital through the issuance of additional debt or equity securities,
although the terms of the new note  indenture  and the senior  credit  agreement
substantially restrict our ability to:

          o    incur additional indebtedness;

          o    incur liens;

          o    pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments;

          o    consummate certain asset sales;

          o    enter into certain transactions with affiliates;

          o    merge or consolidate with any other person; or

          o    sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all
               or substantially all of our assets.

Contractual Obligations

     We are  committed  to making cash  payments in the future on the  following
types of agreements:

          o    Long-term debt
          o    Operating leases for office facilities

We have no  off-balance  sheet debt or  unrecorded  obligations  and we have not
guaranteed  the debt of any  other  party.  Below is a  schedule  of the  future
payments  that we are  obligated  to make  based  on  agreements  in place as of
December 31, 2003.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

 Contractual Obligations                                 Payments due in:
 (dollars in thousands)
 --------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  Total        Less than                                 More than 5
                                                one year     1-3 years     3-5 years        years
----------------------------- -------------- ------------- ------------- -------------- --------------
<S>                           <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>
Long-Term Debt (1)            $   241,399    $        -    $   57,155    $  184,244     $        -
Operating Leases (2)                1,373           416           796           161              -

</TABLE>

(1)    These amounts represent the balances  outstanding under the senior credit
       agreement and the New Notes.  These repayments  assume that interest will
       be  capitalized  under the New Notes and that  periodic  interest  on the
       senior credit  agreement will be paid on a monthly basis and that we will
       not draw down additional funds thereunder.
(2)    These amounts represent office lease obligations. Leases for office space
       for  Abraxas and New Grey Wolf  expire in April 2006 and  December  2008,
       respectively.

     Other  obligations.  We make and will continue to make substantial  capital
expenditures for the  acquisition,  exploitation,  development,  exploration and
production  of crude oil and  natural  gas.  In the  past,  we have  funded  our
operations and capital expenditures primarily through cash flow from operations,


                                       37
<PAGE>

sales of properties,  sales of production payments and borrowings under our bank
credit facilities and other sources. Given our high degree of operating control,
the timing and  incurrence  of  operating  and capital  expenditures  is largely
within our discretion.

     Long-Term  Indebtedness.  The financial  restructuring completed in January
2003 resulted in the  retirement of our first lien notes,  second lien notes and
old notes, together with the Old Grey Wolf credit facility.  The following table
sets forth our long-term indebtedness as of December 31, 2002, and 2003.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                             Long Term Indebtedness

                                                                                December 31
                                                                      --------------------------------
                                                                            2002            2003
                                                                      ----------------- --------------
                                                                              (in thousands)
<S>                                                                      <C>             <C>
  11.5% Senior Notes due 2004 ("Old Notes") .........................    $       801     $        -
  12.875% Senior Secured Notes due 2003 ("First Lien Notes") ........         63,500              -
  11.5% Second Lien Notes due 2004 ("Second Lien Notes").............        190,178              -
  9.5% Senior Credit Facility ("Grey Wolf Facility") providing for
       borrowings up to approximately US $96 million (CDN $150
       million).  Secured by the assets of Old Grey Wolf and
       non-recourse to Abraxas.......................................         45,964              -
  11.5% Secured Notes due 2007 ("New Notes").........................              -        137,258
  Senior Credit Agreement ...........................................              -         47,391 (1)
                                                                      ----------------- ---------------
                                                                             300,443        184,649
  Less current maturities ...........................................         63,500              -
                                                                      ----------------- ---------------
                                                                         $   236,943      $ 184,649
                                                                      ================= ===============
----------------
</TABLE>
(1) At March 2, 2004,  the  outstanding  principal  balance on our senior credit
agreement was $50.7 million.

     For  financial  reporting  purposes,  the New  Notes are  reflected  at the
carrying  value of the Second Lien Notes and Old Notes prior to the  exchange of
$191.0 million, net of the cash offered in the exchange of $47.5 million and net
of the fair  market  value  related  to equity of $3.8  million  offered  in the
exchange  transaction.  The face  amount of the New Notes was $120.5  million at
December 31, 2003 including $10.8 million in new notes issued for interest.

     The New Notes accrue interest from the date of issuance,  at a fixed annual
rate of 11 1/2%,  payable in cash  semi-annually  on each May 1 and  November 1,
commencing May 1, 2003. We will pay such unpaid interest in kind by the issuance
of additional  New Notes with a principal  amount equal to the amount of accrued
and unpaid cash interest on the New Notes plus an additional 1% accrued interest
for the  applicable  period.  Upon an event of  default,  the New  Notes  accrue
interest at an annual rate of 16.5%.

     The New Notes are  secured by a second lien or charge on all of our current
and  future  assets,  including,  but not  limited  to, all of our crude oil and
natural gas properties. All of Abraxas' current subsidiaries,  Sandia Oil & Gas,
Sandia Operating (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sandia Oil & Gas), Wamsutter, New
Grey Wolf,  Western  Associated  Energy and Eastside Coal, are guarantors of the
New Notes, and all of Abraxas' future subsidiaries will guarantee the New Notes.
If  Abraxas  cannot  make  payments  on the New  Notes  when  they are due,  the
guarantors must make them instead.

         The New Notes and related guarantees

          o    are subordinated to the indebtedness under the new senior secured
               credit agreement;

          o    rank  equally  with all of  Abraxas'  current  and future  senior
               indebtedness; and

          o    rank  senior to all of Abraxas'  current and future  subordinated
               indebtedness, in each case, if any.

                                       38
<PAGE>

The New Notes are subordinated to amounts outstanding under the new senior
secured credit agreement both in right of payment and with respect to lien
priority and are subject to an intercreditor agreement.


     Abraxas may redeem the New Notes, at its option, in whole at any time or in
part from time to time, at redemption  prices  expressed as  percentages  of the
principal  amount set forth below.  If Abraxas  redeems all or any New Notes, it
must also pay all interest accrued and unpaid to the applicable redemption date.
The redemption prices for the New Notes during the indicated time periods are as
follows:

Period                                                         Percentage

From January 24, 2004 to June 23, 2004............................97.1674%
From June 24, 2004 to January 23, 2005............................98.5837%
Thereafter.......................................................100.0000%


         Under the indenture, we are subject to customary covenants which, among
other things, restrict our ability to:

          o    borrow money or issue preferred stock;

          o    pay dividends on stock or purchase stock;

          o    make other asset transfers;

          o    transact business with affiliates;

          o    sell stock of subsidiaries;

          o    engage in any new line of business;

          o    impair the security interest in any collateral for the notes;

          o    use assets as security in other transactions; and

          o    sell certain assets or merge with or into other companies.

In addition,  we are subject to certain financial  covenants including covenants
limiting  our  selling,   general  and   administrative   expenses  and  capital
expenditures,  a covenant  requiring  Abraxas to maintain a  specified  ratio of
consolidated  EBITDA,  as  defined in the  agreements,  to cash  interest  and a
covenant  requiring Abraxas to permanently,  to the extent  permitted,  pay down
debt under the new senior secured credit  agreement and, to the extent permitted
by the new senior secured credit agreement,  the New Notes or, if not permitted,
paying indebtedness under the new senior secured credit agreement.

     The indenture contains customary events of default, including nonpayment of
principal or interest, violations of covenants, inaccuracy of representations or
warranties  in any material  respect,  cross default and cross  acceleration  to
certain other  indebtedness,  bankruptcy,  material  judgments and  liabilities,
change of control and any material adverse change in our financial condition.

     Senior Credit  Agreement.  In connection with the financial  restructuring,
Abraxas  entered  into a new  senior  credit  agreement  providing  a term  loan
facility and a revolving  credit facility as described below.  Subsequently,  on
February 23,  2004,  Abraxas  entered  into an amendment to its existing  senior
credit  agreement  providing  for  two  revolving  credit  facilities  and a new
non-revolving credit facility as described below. Subject to earlier termination
on the occurrence of events of default or other events, the stated maturity date
for these  credit  facilities  is  February  1,  2007.  In the event of an early
termination,  we will be required  to pay a  prepayment  premium,  except in the
limited circumstances described in the amended senior credit agreement.

     First Revolving  Credit  Facility.  Lenders under the amended senior credit
agreement  have provided a revolving  credit  facility to Abraxas with a maximum
borrowing  base of up to $20  million.  Our  current  borrowing  base under this
revolving  credit  facility is the full $20.0  million,  subject to  adjustments
based on periodic calculations and mandatory prepayments under the senior credit
agreement.  We have borrowed $6.6 million under this revolving  credit facility,


                                       39
<PAGE>

which  was used to  refinance  principal  and  interest  on  advances  under our
preexisting revolving credit facility under the senior credit agreement,  and to
pay certain fees and expenses relating to the transaction.  Outstanding  amounts
under this revolving  credit  facility bear interest at the prime rate announced
by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. plus 1.125%.

     Second Revolving  Credit Facility.  Lenders under the amended senior credit
agreement have provided a second  revolving  credit facility to Abraxas,  with a
maximum  borrowing of up to $30 million.  This revolving  credit facility is not
subject to a borrowing base. We have borrowed $30.0 million under this revolving
credit facility,  which was used to refinance principal and interest on advances
under our preexisting revolving credit facility,  and to pay certain transaction
fees and expenses. Outstanding amounts under this revolving credit facility bear
interest at the prime rate announced by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. plus 3.00%.

     Non-Revolving Credit Facility.  Abraxas has borrowed $15.0 million pursuant
to a non-revolving credit facility, which was used to repay the preexisting term
loan under our senior credit agreement,  to refinance  principal and interest on
advances under the preexisting  revolving  credit  facility,  and to pay certain
transaction fees and expenses. This non-revolving credit facility is not subject
to a  borrowing  base.  Outstanding  amounts  under this  credit  facility  bear
interest at the prime rate announced by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. plus 8.00%.

     Covenants. Under the amended senior credit agreement, Abraxas is subject to
customary  covenants and reporting  requirements.  Certain  financial  covenants
require Abraxas to maintain minimum ratios of consolidated EBITDA (as defined in
the amended senior credit  agreement) to adjusted fixed charges (which  includes
certain capital  expenditures),  minimum ratios of  consolidated  EBITDA to cash
interest  expense,  a minimum level of  unrestricted  cash and revolving  credit
availability,   minimum  hydrocarbon   production  volumes  and  minimum  proved
developed  hydrocarbon  reserves.  In addition,  if on the day before the end of
each  fiscal  quarter  the  aggregate  amount  of our cash and cash  equivalents
exceeds  $2.0  million,  we are  required  to repay the loans  under the amended
senior credit  agreement in an amount equal to such excess.  The amended  senior
credit  agreement also requires us to enter into hedging  agreements on not less
than 40% or more than 75% of our projected oil and gas  production.  We are also
required to establish deposit accounts at financial  institutions  acceptable to
the lenders and we are  required to direct our  customers  to make all  payments
into these  accounts.  The amounts in these  accounts will be transferred to the
lenders upon the  occurrence  and during the  continuance of an event of default
under the amended senior credit agreement.

     In addition to the foregoing  and other  customary  covenants,  the amended
senior credit agreement contains a number of covenants that, among other things,
restrict our ability to:

          o    incur additional indebtedness;

          o    create or permit to be created liens on any of our properties;

          o    enter into change of control transactions;

          o    dispose of our assets;

          o    change our name or the nature of our business;

          o    make guarantees with respect to the obligations of third parties;

          o    enter into forward sales contracts;

          o    make  payments in  connection  with  distributions,  dividends or
               redemptions relating to our outstanding securities, or

          o    make investments or incur liabilities.

                                       40
<PAGE>

     Security.  The  obligations  of Abraxas  under the  amended  senior  credit
agreement  continue  to  be  secured  by  a  first  lien  security  interest  in
substantially  all of Abraxas'  assets,  including all crude oil and natural gas
properties.

     Guarantees.  The  obligations  of Abraxas  under the amended  senior credit
agreement continue to be guaranteed by Abraxas' subsidiaries,  Sandia Oil & Gas,
Sandia  Operating,  Wamsutter,  New Grey  Wolf,  Western  Associated  Energy and
Eastside Coal. The guarantees under the amended senior credit agreement continue
to be secured by a first lien  security  interest  in  substantially  all of the
guarantors' assets, including all crude oil and natural gas properties.

     Events of Default.  The amended senior credit agreement  contains customary
events of default, including nonpayment of principal or interest,  violations of
covenants,  inaccuracy of representations or warranties in any material respect,
cross default and cross acceleration to certain other indebtedness,  bankruptcy,
material  judgments and liabilities,  change of control and any material adverse
change in our financial condition.

Hedging Activities

     Our results of operations are  significantly  affected by  fluctuations  in
commodity  prices  and we seek to reduce our  exposure  to price  volatility  by
hedging our production  through swaps,  options and other  commodity  derivative
instruments.  Under the senior  credit  agreement,  we are  required to maintain
hedge  positions on not less than 40% or more than 75% of our  projected oil and
gas production for a six month rolling period.  See "Item  7A--Quantitative  and
Qualitative  Disclosures  about Market  Risk--Hedging  Sensitivity"  for further
information.

Net Operating Loss Carryforwards

     At December 31, 2003, the Company had, subject to the limitation  discussed
below, $100.6 million of net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. tax purposes.
These loss carryforwards will expire through 2022 if not utilized. In connection
with January  2003  transactions  described in Note 2, in Notes to  Consolidated
Financial Statements, Item 8, certain of the loss carryforwards were utilized.

     Uncertainties  exist as to the future  utilization  of the  operating  loss
carryforwards  under the  criteria  set forth  under  FASB  Statement  No.  109.
Therefore,  the Company has  established a valuation  allowance of $99.1 million
and $76.1  million  for  deferred  tax  assets at  December  31,  2002 and 2003,
respectively.

Related Party Transactions

     Accounts receivable - Other includes  approximately  $51,211 and $35,558 as
of  December  31,  2002 and 2003,  respectively,  representing  amounts due from
officers relating to advances made to employees.

     On July 29, 2003 Abraxas acquired all of the shares of the capital stock of
Wind River Resources  Corporation which owned an airplane.  The sole shareholder
of Wind River was the Company's  President.  The  consideration for the purchase
was 106,977 shares of Abraxas  common stock and $35,000 in cash.  Simultaneously
with this  transaction,  the airplane was sold. The airplane had previously been
made available to Abraxas employees for business use.

     The Company paid Wind River a total of approximately $314,000, $345,000 and
$132,000 in 2001, 2002 and 2003,  through July 29, 2003  respectively,  for Wind
River's operating cost associated with the Company's use of the plane.

Critical Accounting Policies

     The  preparation  of financial  statements  in  conformity  with  generally
accepted  accounting   principles  requires  that  management  apply  accounting
policies and make  estimates and  assumptions  that affect results of operations
and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial  statements.


                                       41
<PAGE>

The  following   represents   those  policies  that   management   believes  are
particularly  important to the financial  statements and that require the use of
estimates and assumptions to describe matters that are inherently uncertain.

     Full Cost Method of  Accounting  for Crude Oil and Natural Gas  Activities.
SEC Regulation S-X defines the financial  accounting and reporting standards for
companies  engaged in crude oil and  natural  gas  activities.  Two  methods are
prescribed:  the successful efforts method and the full cost method. Abraxas has
chosen to follow the full cost  method  under  which all costs  associated  with
property  acquisition,  exploration  and development  are  capitalized.  We also
capitalize  internal costs that can be directly identified with our acquisition,
exploration and  development  activities and do not include any costs related to
production,   general  corporate  overhead  or  similar  activities.  Under  the
successful  efforts  method,  geological  and  geophysical  costs  and  costs of
carrying  and  retaining  undeveloped  properties  are  charged  to  expense  as
incurred.  Costs of  drilling  exploratory  wells  that do not  result in proved
reserves  are  charged to expense.  Depreciation,  depletion,  amortization  and
impairment of crude oil and natural gas properties are generally calculated on a
well by well or lease  or  field  basis  versus  the  "full  cost"  pool  basis.
Additionally, gain or loss is generally recognized on all sales of crude oil and
natural gas properties  under the  successful  efforts  method.  As a result our
financial  statements  will  differ  from  companies  that apply the  successful
efforts  method since we will  generally  reflect a higher level of  capitalized
costs as well as a higher  depreciation,  depletion and amortization rate on our
crude oil and natural gas properties.

     At the time it was adopted,  management  believed that the full cost method
would be  preferable,  as  earnings  tend to be less  volatile  than  under  the
successful efforts method. However, the full cost method makes us susceptible to
significant  non-cash charges during times of volatile  commodity prices because
the full cost pool may be impaired  when prices are low.  These  charges are not
recoverable  when prices return to higher  levels.  The Company has  experienced
this  situation  several times over the years,  most recently in 2002. Our crude
oil and natural gas reserves  have a relatively  long life.  However,  temporary
drops in commodity  prices can have a material impact on our business  including
impact from the full cost method of accounting.

     Under full cost accounting rules, the net capitalized cost of crude oil and
natural gas properties may not exceed a "ceiling  limit" which is based upon the
present  value  of  estimated  future  net  cash  flows  from  proved  reserves,
discounted  at 10%,  plus the  lower of cost or fair  market  value of  unproved
properties.  If net  capitalized  costs of crude oil and natural gas  properties
exceed the ceiling  limit,  we must charge the amount of the excess to earnings.
This is called a "ceiling  limitation  write-down."  This charge does not impact
cash flow from operating  activities,  but does reduce our stockholders'  equity
and  reported  earnings.  The risk that we will be  required  to write  down the
carrying value of crude oil and natural gas properties  increases when crude oil
and natural gas prices are depressed or volatile.  In addition,  write-downs may
occur if we experience  substantial downward adjustments to our estimated proved
reserves  or if  purchasers  cancel  long-term  contracts  for our  natural  gas
production.  An  expense  recorded  in  one  period  may  not be  reversed  in a
subsequent  period even though  higher crude oil and natural gas prices may have
increased the ceiling applicable to the subsequent period.

     For the  year  ended  December  31,  2002,  we  recorded  a  write-down  of
approximately  $116.0  million.  The write-down in 2002 was due to low commodity
prices. We cannot assure you that we will not experience additional  write-downs
in the future.

     Estimates  of our proved  reserves  included in this report are prepared in
accordance with GAAP and SEC guidelines. The accuracy of a reserve estimate is a
function of:

          o    the quality and quantity of available data;

          o    the interpretation of that data;

          o    the accuracy of various mandated economic assumptions;

          o    and the judgment of the persons preparing the estimate.

                                       42
<PAGE>

     The Company's proved reserve information  included in this Report was based
on evaluations prepared by independent  petroleum engineers.  Estimates prepared
by other  third  parties  may be higher or lower  than  those  included  herein.
Because  these  estimates  depend  on  many   assumptions,   all  of  which  may
substantially  differ from future  actual  results,  reserve  estimates  will be
different from the quantities of oil and gas that are ultimately  recovered.  In
addition,  results of  drilling,  testing  and  production  after the date of an
estimate may justify material revisions to the estimate.

     You should not assume  that the  present  value of future net cash flows is
the current market value of our estimated  proved  reserves.  In accordance with
SEC  requirements,  the Company based the estimated  discounted  future net cash
flows from  proved  reserves  on prices  and costs on the date of the  estimate.
Actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower than the prices
and costs as of the date of the estimate.

     The estimates of proved  reserves  materially  impact DD&A expense.  If the
estimates of proved reserves decline, the rate at which the Company records DD&A
expense will  increase,  reducing  future net income.  Such a decline may result
from lower market prices,  which may make it uneconomic to drill for and produce
higher cost fields.

     Use of Estimates.  The preparation of consolidated  financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America  requires  management to make estimates and assumptions  that affect the
reported  amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent  assets
and  liabilities at the date of the  consolidated  financial  statements and the
reported  amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting  period.  Actual
results  could  differ  from those  estimates.  Management  believes  that it is
reasonably  possible that estimates of proved crude oil and natural gas revenues
could significantly change in the future.

     Revenue  Recognition.  The  Company  recognizes  crude oil and  natural gas
revenue  from its  interest in  producing  wells as crude oil and natural gas is
sold from those wells, net of royalties.  Revenue from the processing of natural
gas is recognized in the period the service is performed.  The Company  utilizes
the sales method to account for gas  production  volume  imbalances.  Under this
method,  income is  recorded  based on the  Company's  net  revenue  interest in
production taken for delivery. The Company had no material gas imbalances.

     Asset Retirement Obligations The estimated costs of restoration and removal
of  facilities  are  accrued.  The fair  value  of a  liability  for an  asset's
retirement  obligation is recorded in the period in which it is incurred and the
corresponding  cost capitalized by increasing the carrying amount of the related
long-lived  asset.  The  liability  is accreted to its then  present  value each
period,  and the  capitalized  cost is  depreciated  over the useful life of the
related asset. If the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded
amount,  a gain or loss  is  recognized.  For  all  periods  presented,  we have
included  estimated  future costs of abandonment and  dismantlement  in our full
cost  amortization base and amortize these costs as a component of our depletion
expense.

     Hedge Accounting. From time to time, we use commodity price hedges to limit
our  exposure to  fluctuations  in crude oil and natural gas prices.  Results of
those hedging transactions are reflected in crude oil and natural gas sales.

     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards,  ("SFAS") No. 133, "Accounting
for  Derivative  Instruments  and Hedging  Activities,"  was  effective  for the
Company on January 1, 2001.  SFAS 133, as amended and  interpreted,  establishes
accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments, including certain
derivative instruments embedded in other contracts,  and for hedging activities.
Under  this  statement,   all   derivatives,   whether   designated  in  hedging
relationships  or not,  are required to be recorded at fair value on our balance
sheet.  The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative  instrument
depends on the intended use of the  derivative  and the  resulting  designation,
which is  established at the inception of a derivative.  Special  accounting for
qualifying  hedges  allows a  derivative's  gains and  losses to offset  related
results of the hedged item in the  consolidated  statement  of  operations.  For
derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges, changes in fair value, to
the extent the hedge is effective,  are recognized in other comprehensive income
until the hedged item is  recognized  in earnings.  For  derivative  instruments


                                       43
<PAGE>

designated as fair value hedges,  changes in fair value, to the extent the hedge
is  effective,  are  recognized  as an  increase or decrease to the value of the
hedged item until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. Hedge effectiveness
is  measured  at least  quarterly  based on the  relative  changes in fair value
between the derivative contract and the hedged item over time. Any change in the
fair value resulting from ineffectiveness, as defined by SFAS 133, is recognized
immediately in earnings. Changes in fair value of contracts that do not meet the
SFAS 133  definition  of a cash flow or fair value hedge are also  recognized in
earnings through risk management  income. All amounts initially recorded in this
caption are ultimately  reversed within the same caption and included in oil and
gas sales or interest  expense,  as  applicable,  over the  respective  contract
terms.

     One of the  primary  factors  that can have an  impact  on our  results  of
operations is the method used to value our derivatives.  We have established the
fair value of all  derivative  instruments  using  estimates  determined  by our
counterparties  and subsequently  evaluated  internally using  established index
prices and other  sources.  These  values are based upon,  among  other  things,
futures  prices,  volatility,  time to maturity and credit  risk.  The values we
report in our  financial  statements  change as these  estimates  are revised to
reflect actual results,  changes in market conditions or other factors,  many of
which are beyond our control.

     Another factor that can impact our results of operations each period is our
ability to estimate the level of correlation  between future changes in the fair
value of the hedge  instruments and the transactions  being hedged,  both at the
inception and on an ongoing  basis.  This  correlation  is  complicated  because
energy commodity  prices,  the primary risk we hedge,  have quality and location
differences that can be difficult to hedge  effectively.  The factors underlying
our  estimates of fair value and our  assessment of  correlation  of our hedging
derivatives are impacted by actual results and changes in conditions that affect
these factors, many of which are beyond our control.

     Due to the  volatility of crude oil and natural gas prices and, to a lesser
extent, interest rates, our financial condition and results of operations can be
significantly  impacted  by  changes  in the  market  value  of  our  derivative
instruments. As of December 31, 2003 the net market value of our derivatives was
an asset of  $21,136.  As of December  31, 2002 we did not have any  outstanding
derivatives.

New Accounting Pronouncements


     A  reporting  issue  has  arisen   regarding  the  application  of  certain
provisions  of SFAS No.  141 and SFAS No.  142 to  companies  in the  extractive
industries,  including oil and gas companies.  The issue is whether SFAS No. 142
requires registrants to classify the costs of mineral rights held under lease or
other  contractual  arrangement  associated  with  extracting  oil  and  gas  as
intangible assets in the balance sheet, apart from other capitalized oil and gas
property costs, and provide specific  footnote  disclosures.  Historically,  the
Company has included the costs of such mineral rights associated with extracting
oil  and gas as a  component  of oil and  gas  properties.  If it is  ultimately
determined that SFAS No. 142 requires oil and gas companies to classify costs of
mineral rights held under lease or other contractual arrangement associated with
extracting oil and gas as a separate  intangible assets line item on the balance
sheet,  the Company would be required to reclassify  approximately  $3.1 million
and $4.2 million at December 31, 2002 and December 31, 2003,  respectively,  out
of oil and gas properties and into a separate  intangible  assets line item. The
Company's cash flows and results of operations  would not be affected since such
intangible  assets would  continue to be depleted and assessed for impairment in
accordance with full-cost accounting rules.

     In June  2001,  the  FASB  issued  SFAS  No.  143,  "Accounting  for  Asset
Retirement  Obligations" (SFAS 143). SFAS 143 addresses accounting and reporting
for obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets and
the associated asset retirement  costs.  SFAS 143 is effective for us January 1,
2003.  SFAS 143  requires  that the fair  value of a  liability  for an  asset's
retirement  obligation be recorded in the period in which it is incurred and the
corresponding  cost capitalized by increasing the carrying amount of the related
long-lived  asset.  The  liability  is accreted to its then  present  value each
period,  and the  capitalized  cost is  depreciated  over the useful life of the
related asset. If the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded
amount,  a gain or loss  is  recognized.  For  all  periods  presented,  we have
included  estimated  future costs of abandonment and  dismantlement  in our full
cost  amortization base and amortize these costs as a component of our depletion
expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

                                       44
<PAGE>

     The Company adopted SFAS 143 effective  January 1, 2003. For the year ended
December 31, 2003 the Company  recorded a charge of $395,341 for the  cumulative
effect of the change in  accounting  principal  and a liability of $1.3 million.
During 2003, the Company  charged  approximately  $379,000 to expense related to
the accretion of the liability.  The impact on each of the prior periods was not
material.

     In  August  2001,  the  FASB  issued  SFAS  No.  144,  "Accounting  for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived  Assets" (SFAS 144).  Effective  January 1,
2002,  the  Company  adopted  SFAS 144.  SFAS 144  retains  the  requirement  to
recognize an impairment loss only where the carrying value of a long-lived asset
is not recoverable from its undiscounted  cash flows and to measure such loss as
the  difference  between the carrying  amount and fair value of the asset.  SFAS
144, among other things, changes the criteria that have to be met to classify an
asset as  held-for-sale  and requires that  operating  losses from  discontinued
operations be recognized in the period that the losses are incurred  rather than
as of the  measurement  date.  This new standard had no impact on the  Company's
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2003.

     In June  2002,  the  FASB  issued  SFAS  No.  146,  "Accounting  for  Costs
Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities" (SFAS 146). SFAS 146 requires costs
associated  with exit of  disposal  activities  to be  recognized  when they are
incurred  rather than at the date of commitment to an exit or disposal plan. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact the standard will have on its results
of  operations  and financial  condition.  The official  effective  date of this
standard has not been determined by the FASB.

     In April 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 149, "Amendment of Statement 133 on
Derivative  Instruments and Hedging  Activities" (SFAS 149). SFAS 149 amends and
clarifies  financial  accounting  and  reporting  for  derivative   instruments,
including certain derivative  instruments  embedded in other contracts,  and for
hedging  activities under SFAS No. 133,  "Accounting for Derivative  Instruments
and  Hedging  Activities."  SFAS No.  149,  among other  things,  clarifies  the
circumstances  under which a contract with an initial net  investment  meets the
characteristic  of a derivative and amends the definition of an  "underlying" to
conform it to language  used in FIN 45. SFAS No. 149 is effective  for contracts
entered into or modified after June 30, 2003. The Company adopted this statement
effective  July 1, 2003.  Implementation  of this new  standard  did not have an
effect  on  the  Company's   consolidated   financial  position  or  results  of
operations.

     In  November  2002 the FASB  issued  FASB  Interpretation  No. 45 (FIN 45),
"Guarantor's  Accounting and Disclosure  Requirements for Guarantees,  Including
Indirect  Guarantees  of  Indebtedness  of  Others."  FIN 45  elaborates  on the
disclosures  to be made by a guarantor  in its  financial  statements  about its
obligations  under  certain  guarantees  that  it  has  issued,  including  loan
guarantees  such as standby  letters of credit.  It also requires a guarantor to
recognize,  at the  inception of a guarantee,  a liability for the fair value of
the obligations it has undertaken in issuing the guarantee.  The  Interpretation
does not  specify  the  subsequent  measurement  of the  guarantor's  recognized
liability  over the term of the related  guarantee.  The guidance in FIN 45 does
not apply to certain  guarantee  contracts,  such as those  issued by  insurance
companies  or for a lessee's  residual  value  guarantee  embedded  in a capital
lease.  The  provisions  related to  recognizing a liability at inception of the
guarantee for the fair value of the guarantor's  obligations  would not apply to
product  warranties or to guarantees  accounted for as derivatives.  The initial
recognition and initial  measurement  provisions apply on a prospective basis to
guarantees  issued or  modified  after  December  31,  2002,  regardless  of the
guarantor's fiscal year-end.  FIN 45 specifies additional  disclosures effective
for financial  statements of interim or annual periods ending after December 15,
2002.

     In  January  2003 the FASB  issued  FASB  Interpretation  No.  46 (FIN 46),
"Consolidation  of  Variable-Interest  Entities  (VIEs".) FIN 46 establishes the
definition  of  VIEs to  encompass  a  broader  group  of  entities  than  those
previously  considered  special-purpose  entities  (SPEs).  FIN 46 specifies the
criteria under which it is appropriate  for an investor to consolidate  VIEs; in
order for an  investor  to  consolidate  a VIE,  the entity must fall within the
definition  of VIE and the investor  must fall within the  definition of primary
beneficiary, both newly defined terms under this FIN. The revised effective date
of FIN 46 for public companies with VIEs meeting certain conditions, will be the
end of the first  interim or annual  period  ending after  December 15, 2003. In
December 2003, the FASB issued FASB  Interpretaion no. 46(R)m which expanded and
clarified the guidelines of FIN 46.

                                       45
<PAGE>

     In May 2003, the FASB issued FAS No. 150, entitled  "Accounting for Certain
Financial  Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity"(SFAS
150).  This  statement is effective  for financial  instruments  entered into or
modified after May 31, 2003, and is otherwise  effective at the beginning of the
first interim period beginning after June 15, 2003. The Company has no financial
instruments  affected by SFAS 150,  therefore adoption by the Company as of July
1, 2003 will not impact the Company's financial statements.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

 Commodity Price Risk

     As an  independent  crude oil and natural gas producer,  our revenue,  cash
flow from  operations,  other  income and  equity  earnings  and  profitability,
reserve  values,  access to capital and future rate of growth are  substantially
dependent upon the prevailing  prices of crude oil,  natural gas and natural gas
liquids.  Declines in  commodity  prices will  materially  adversely  affect our
financial  condition,  liquidity,  ability  to obtain  financing  and  operating
results.  Lower commodity  prices may reduce the amount of crude oil and natural
gas that we can produce economically. Prevailing prices for such commodities are
subject to wide  fluctuation  in response to relatively  minor changes in supply
and demand and a variety  of  additional  factors  beyond our  control,  such as
global  political and economic  conditions.  Historically,  prices  received for
crude oil and natural gas production have been volatile and  unpredictable,  and
such  volatility  is expected to  continue.  Most of our  production  is sold at
market  prices.  Generally,  if the commodity  indexes  fall,  the price that we
receive for our production will also decline.  Therefore,  the amount of revenue
that we realize is partially determined by factors beyond our control.  Assuming
the production levels we attained during the year ended December 31, 2003, a 10%
decline in crude oil,  natural gas and natural  gas  liquids  prices  would have
reduced our operating  revenue,  cash flow and net income by approximately  $3.8
million for the year.

Hedging Sensitivity

     On  January  1,  2001,  we  adopted  SFAS 133  "Accounting  for  Derivative
Instruments  and Hedging  Activities" as amended by SFAS 137 and SFAS 138. Under
SFAS 133, all derivative  instruments  are recorded on the balance sheet at fair
value.  If the derivative  does not qualify as a hedge or is not designated as a
hedge,  the gain or loss on the derivative is recognized  currently in earnings.
To qualify for hedge  accounting,  the derivative  must qualify either as a fair
value hedge or cash flow hedge. If the derivative  qualifies for cash flow hedge
accounting,   the  gain  or  loss  on  the   derivative  is  deferred  in  Other
Comprehensive  Income/Loss,  a component of Stockholders'  Equity, to the extent
that the hedge is  effective.  As of December 31, 2003 the  derivatives  that we
have in place are not  designated  as hedges.  Accordingly,  changes in the fair
market  value of the  derivatives  are  recorded  in current  period oil and gas
revenue.

     If a derivative  qualifies for hedge accounting,  the relationship  between
the hedging instrument and the hedged item must be highly effective in achieving
the offset of changes in cash flows  attributable to the hedged risk both at the
inception  of  the  contract  and  on an  ongoing  basis.  Hedge  accounting  is
discontinued  prospectively when a hedge instrument becomes  ineffective.  Gains
and losses deferred in accumulated Other Comprehensive  Income/Loss related to a
cash flow hedge that becomes  ineffective,  remain  unchanged  until the related
production  is  delivered.  If we  determine  that it is probable  that a hedged
transaction will not occur,  deferred gains or losses on the hedging  instrument
are recognized in earnings immediately.

     Gains and losses on qualified  hedging  instruments  related to accumulated
Other  Comprehensive  Income  and  adjustments  to  carrying  amounts  on hedged
production  are included in natural gas or crude oil  production  revenue in the
period that the related production is delivered.  For derivatives not qualifying
for hedge  accounting,  changes in the fair market value of the  instrument  are
charged to income in the current period.

     In 2001 and 2002, we  experienced  hedging losses of $12.1 million and $3.2
million,  respectively.  In October 2002, all of these hedge agreements expired.
Under  the  expired  hedge  agreements,   we  made  total  payments  to  various
counterparties in the amount of $35.1 million.

                                       46
<PAGE>

         Under the terms of the senior secured credit agreement, we are required
to maintain hedging positions with respect to not less than 40% nor more than
75% of our crude oil and natural gas production for a rolling six month period.
As of December 31, 2003 the Company's hedge positions were as follows:



          Time Period                   Notional Quantities           Price
--------------------------------- ------------------------------ ---------------
March  1,  2003 -  February  29,  5,000 MMBtu of natural gas     Floor of $4.50
2004                              production per day

March 1, 2004 - April 30, 2004    2,000 MMBtu of natural gas     Floor of $4.00
                                  production per day
March 1, 2004 - April 30, 2004    500 Bbls of crude oil          Floor of $22.00
                                  production per day
May 2004                          2,000 Mmbtu of natural gas     Floor of $4.00
                                  production per day
May 2004                          500 Bbls of crude oil          Floor of $22.00
                                  production per day
June 2004                         800 Bbls of crude oil          Floor of $22.00
                                  production per day
July 2004                         2,000 Mmbtu of natural gas     Floor of $4.00
                                  production per day
July 2004                         500 Bbls of crude oil          Floor of $22.00
                                  production per day


Subsequent  to year-end we have entered into  additional  agreements  similar to
those  scheduled  above (floors) in volume  amounts  sufficient to reach the 40%
threshold  required by our senior  credit  agreement.  The  Company  anticipates
continuing to purchase  similar floors in the future to satisfy our requirements
under the senior credit agreement.

Interest rate risk

     At December  31,  2003,  as a result of the  financial  restructuring  that
occurred in January 2003,  we had  approximately  $47.4  million in  outstanding
indebtedness under the new senior secured credit agreement, accruing interest at
a rate of prime plus 4.5%,  subject to a minimum  interest  rate of 9.0%. In the
event that the prime rate  (currently  4.0%) rises above 4.5% the interest  rate
applicable to our outstanding  indebtedness  under the new senior secured credit
agreement will rise accordingly.  For every percentage point that the prime rate
rises above 4.5%, our interest expense would increase by approximately  $430,000
on an  annual  basis.  Our New  Notes  accrue  interest  at fixed  rates and are
accordingly not subject to fluctuations in market rates.

     As discussed in "Business - General" the senior  secured  credit  agreement
was amended in February  2004.  Our interest rate under the terms of the amended
credit agreement is a floating rate,  currently at approximately  7.5%, assuming
all available amounts are borrowed.

Foreign Currency

     Our Canadian  operations are measured in the local currency of Canada. As a
result,  our  financial  results  are  affected  by changes in foreign  currency
exchange rates or weak economic  conditions in the foreign markets.  Our ongoing
Canadian  operations  reported  a pre-tax  income  $218,000  for the year  ended
December  31, 2003.  It is  estimated  that a 5% change in the value of the U.S.
dollar to the Canadian dollar would have changed our net income by approximately
$10,900. We do not maintain any derivative  instruments to mitigate the exposure
to translation  risk.  However,  this does not preclude the adoption of specific
hedging strategies in the future.

Item 8. Financial Statements

     For the financial  statements and supplementary  data required by this Item
8, see the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       47
<PAGE>

Item  9.  Changes  in and  Disagreements  with  Accountants  on  Accounting  and
Financial Disclosure

     As noted in the form 8-K filed on April 23, 2003, the Board of Directors of
Abraxas Petroleum Corporation engaged the accounting firm of BDO Seidman, LLP as
the Company's  certifying  accountant  for the year ended December 31, 2003. The
engagement of BDO Seidman,  LLP was approved by the Audit Committee of the Board
of  Directors.  The Audit  Committee  of the  Board of  Directors  approved  the
dismissal  of Deloitte & Touche LLP. The reports of Deloitte & Touche LLP on the
Company's financial  statements for the two fiscal years ended December 31, 2001
and 2002 did not contain any adverse  opinion or  disclaimer of opinion and were
not  qualified  or  modified  as  to  uncertainty,  audit  scope  or  accounting
principles.

     In connection  with the audits of the Company's  financial  statements  for
each of the two fiscal  years ended  December  31, 2001 and 2002,  there were no
disagreements   with  Deloitte  &  Touche  LLP  on  any  matters  of  accounting
principles,  financial statement disclosure or audit scope and procedures which,
if not resolved to the  satisfaction of Deloitte & Touche LLP, would have caused
the firm to make reference to the matter in their report.

Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures

     As of the end of the period  covered by this  report,  our Chief  Executive
Officer  and  Chief   Financial   Officer  carried  out  an  evaluation  of  the
effectiveness  of Abraxas'  "disclosure  controls and procedures" (as defined in
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e)and  15d-15(e)) and concluded
that the disclosure controls and procedures were adequate and designed to ensure
that material information relating to Abraxas and our consolidated  subsidiaries
which is  required  to be  included  in our  periodic  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission  filings would be made known to them by others within those entities.
There were no changes in our internal controls that could materially  affect, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect our financial reporting.

                                    PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

     There is  incorporated  in this Item 10 by  reference  that  portion of our
definitive  proxy  statement for the 2004 Annual Meeting of  Stockholders  which
appears  therein  under  the  captions  "Election  of  Directors".  See also the
information in Item 4a of Part I of this Report.

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert

     The Audit  Committee of Abraxas'  board of  directors  consists of C. Scott
Bartlett, Jr., Frank M. Burke, James C. Phelps and Joseph A. Wagda. The board of
directors  has  determined  that each of the members of the Audit  Committee  is
independent  as  determined  in  accordance  with the listing  standards  of the
American  Stock  Exchange and Item 7(d) (3) (iv) of Schedule 14A of the Exchange
Act. In addition,  the board of directors has determined that C. Scott Bartlett,
Jr., as defined by SEC rules, is an audit committee financial expert.

Section 16(a) Compliance

     Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires Abraxas  directors and executive
officers  and  persons  who own more than 10% of a  registered  class of Abraxas
equity  securities to file with the Securities  and Exchange  Commission and the
AMEX initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of Abraxas
common stock. Officers, directors and greater than 10% stockholders are required
by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all such forms they file.  Based
solely on a review of the copies of such  reports  furnished  to us and  written
representations  that no other reports were required,  Abraxas believes that all
its directors and executive officers during 2003 complied on a timely basis with
all applicable filing requirements under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.


                                       48
<PAGE>

Item 11. Executive Compensation

     There is  incorporated  in this Item 11 by  reference  that  portion of our
definitive  proxy  statement for the 2004 Annual Meeting of  Stockholders  which
appears  therein under the caption  "Executive  Compensation",  except for those
parts  under  the   captions   "Compensation   Committee   Report  on  Executive
Compensation,"  "Performance  Graph",  "Audit  Committee  Report" and "Report on
Repricing of Options."


Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

     There is  incorporated  in this Item 12 by  reference  that  portion of our
definitive  proxy  statement for the 2004 Annual Meeting of  Stockholders  which
appears   therein   under  the  caption   "Securities   Holdings  of   Principal
Stockholders, Directors and Officers."

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

     There is  incorporated  in this Item 13 by  reference  that  portion of our
definitive  proxy  statement for the 2004 Annual Meeting of  Stockholders  which
appears therein under the caption "Certain Transactions."

Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services

     There is  incorporated  in this Item 14 by  reference  that  portion of our
definitive  proxy  statement for the 2004 Annual Meeting of  Stockholders  which
appears therein under the caption "Principal Auditor Fees and Services."

                                     PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K

(a)1. Consolidated Financial Statements Page

         Report of  BDO Seidman LLP Independent Auditors....................F-2

         Report of Deloitte & Touche LLP, Independent Auditors..............F-3

         Consolidated Balance Sheets,
           December 31, 2002 and 2003.......................................F-4

         Consolidated Statements of Operations,
           Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003.....................F-6

         Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit
            Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003 ...................F-7

         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
           Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003.....................F-9

         Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (loss)
           Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003....................F-11

         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements........................F-12

         Grey Wolf Exploration Inc.

         Auditors' Reports for the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2002..F-45

                                       49
<PAGE>

         Comments by Auditors' for US readers on Canada - US
           reporting differences...........................................F-46

         Balance Sheet at December 31, 2002................................F-47

         Statements of Earnings and Retained Earnings for the years ended
           December 31, 2002 and 2001 .....................................F-48

         Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
           December 31, 2002 and  2001.....................................F-49

         Notes to Financial Statements.....................................F-51

(a)2. Financial Statement Schedules

     All  schedules  have been  omitted  because  they are not  applicable,  not
required under the instructions or the information requested is set forth in the
consolidated financial statements or related notes thereto.


 (a)3.Exhibits

     The following  Exhibits have previously been filed by the Registrant or are
included following the Index to Exhibits.

Exhibit Number.                                Description

3.1      Articles of Incorporation of Abraxas. (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Abraxas'
         Registration Statement on Form S-4, No. 33-36565 (the "S-4 Registration
         Statement")).

3.2      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Abraxas dated
         October  22,  1990.  (Filed  as  Exhibit  3.3 to the  S-4  Registration
         Statement).

3.3      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Abraxas dated
         December  18,  1990.  (Filed  as  Exhibit  3.4 to the S-4  Registration
         Statement).

3.4      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Abraxas dated
         June 8, 1995. (Filed as Exhibit 3.4 to Abraxas' Registration  Statement
         on Form S-3, No. 333-00398 (the "S-3 Registration Statement")).

3.5      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Abraxas dated
         as of August 12, 2000 (Filed as Exhibit 3.5 to Abraxas'  Annual  Report
         of Form 10-K filed April 2, 2001).

3.6      Amended  and  Restated  Bylaws of  Abraxas.  (Filed as  Exhibit  3.6 to
         Abraxas' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2002).

4.1      Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Abraxas.  (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to
         the S-4 Registration Statement).

4.2      Specimen Preferred Stock Certificate of Abraxas.  (Filed as Exhibit 4.2
         to Abraxas' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 1995).

4.3      Rights Agreement dated as of December 6, 1994 between Abraxas and First
         Union National Bank of North Carolina  ("FUNB").  (Filed as Exhibit 4.1
         to  Abraxas'  Registration  Statement  on Form 8-A filed on December 6,
         1994).

4.4      Amendment to Rights  Agreement dated as of July 14, 1997 by and between
         Abraxas and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company.  (Filed as Exhibit
         1 to  Amendment  No. 1 to Abraxas'  Registration  Statement on Form 8-A
         filed on August 20, 1997).

                                       50
<PAGE>

4.5      Second Amendment to Rights Agreement as of May 22, 1998, by and between
         Abraxas and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company.  (Filed as Exhibit
         1 to  Amendment  No. 2 to Abraxas'  Registration  Statement on Form 8-A
         filed on August 24, 1998).

4.6      Indenture dated January 23, 2003, by and among Abraxas,  as Issuer; the
         subsidiary  Guarantors  party thereto and U.S. Bank,  N.A., as Trustee,
         relating to Abraxas' 11-1/2 % Secured Notes Due 2007. (filed as Exhibit
         4.1 to Abraxas' Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6, 2003).

4.7      Form of 111/2%  Secured Notes due 2007.  (Filed as Exhibit A to Exhibit
         4.6).

*10.1    Abraxas Petroleum  Corporation 1984 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, as
         amended and restated.  (Filed as Exhibit 10.7 to Abraxas' Annual Report
         on Form 10-K filed April 14, 1993).

*10.2    Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  1984  Incentive  Stock Option Plan, as
         amended and restated.  (Filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Abraxas' Annual Report
         on Form 10-K filed April 14, 1993).

*10.3    Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation 1993 Key Contributor Stock Option Plan.
         (Filed as Exhibit  10.9 to  Abraxas'  Annual  Report on Form 10-K filed
         April 14, 1993).

*10.4    Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  401(k) Profit Sharing Plan.  (Filed as
         Exhibit  10.4  to  Abraxas'Registration  Statement  on  Form  S-4,  No.
         333-18673, (the "1996 Exchange Offer Registration Statement")).

*10.5    Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  Director Stock Option Plan.  (Filed as
         Exhibit 10.5 to the 1996 Exchange Offer Registration Statement).

*10.6    Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  Restricted  Share Plan for  Directors.
         (Filed as Exhibit 10.20 to Abraxas' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on
         April 12, 1994).

*10.7    Abraxas Petroleum  Corporation 1994 Long Term Incentive Plan. (Filed as
         Exhibit 10.21 to Abraxas' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 12,
         1994).

*10.8    Abraxas Petroleum  Corporation Incentive Performance Bonus Plan. (Filed
         as Exhibit 10.24 to Abraxas'  Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April
         12, 1994).

10.10    Form of Indemnity  Agreement  between Abraxas and each of its directors
         and officers. (Filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the 1993 S-1).

10.15    Common Stock  Purchase  Warrant  dated  September 1, 2000 between Basil
         Street  Company Filed as Exhibit 10.15 to Abraxas Annual Report on Form
         10-K filed on April 2, 2001).

10.16    Common Stock Purchase  Warrant dated September 1, 2000 between Jessup &
         Lamont  Holdings  (Filed as Exhibit  10.16 to Abraxas  Annual Report on
         Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2001).

10.17    Common Stock Purchase  Warrant dated August 1, 2000 between Abraxas and
         TNC, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.17 to Abraxas Annual Report on Form 10-K
         filed on April 2, 2001).

10.18    Common Stock Purchase  Warrant dated August 1, 2000 between Abraxas and
         Charles K. Butler (Filed as Exhibit  10.17 to Abraxas  Annual Report on
         Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2001).

10.19    Agreement of Limited  Partnership of Abraxas Wamsutter L.P. dated as of
         November  12, 1999 by and between  Wamsutter  Holdings,  Inc.  and TIFD
         III-X Inc.  (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Abraxas'  Current  Report on Form
         8-K filed November 30,1999).

                                       51
<PAGE>

10.20    Farmout Agreement  between Grey Wolf Exploration  Limited and PrimeWest
         Energy,  Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Abraxas' Current Report on Form
         8-K/A filed on December 9, 2002).

10.21    Amendment  No. 2 dated as of  February  23,  2004 to Loan and  Security
         Agreement by and among Abraxas Petroleum Corporation,  the subsidiaries
         of Abraxas that are  signatories  thereto,  as Guarantors,  the Lenders
         that are  signatories  thereto,  as Lenders,  and Wells Fargo Foothill,
         Inc., formerly known as Foothill Capital  Corporation,  as the Arranger
         and  Administrative  Agent  (Filed as Exhibit  10.1 to Abraxas  Current
         Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2004).

10.22    Intercreditor and Subordination Agreement dated as of January 23, 2003,
         by and among  Foothill,  in its  capacity  as agent (in such  capacity,
         together with any successor in such capacity,  the "Senior  Agent") for
         the  lenders  who are from time to time  parties to the Loan  Agreement
         (the "Senior Lenders"), U.S. Bank, N.A., a national banking association
         in its  capacity  as  trustee  (in  such  capacity,  together  with any
         successor in such  capacity,  the  "Trustee") for the holders of the 11
         1/2%  Secured  Notes Due 2007,  issued under the  Indenture.  (Filed as
         Exhibit 10.6 to Abraxas'  Current  Report on Form 8-K filed February 6,
         2003).

16.1     Letter  addressing  change in certifying  accountant (Filed on Abraxas'
         Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2001).

21.1     Subsidiaries of Abraxas.  (Filed as Exhibit 21.1 to Abraxas,  Grey Wolf
         Exploration Inc., Sandia Oil & Gas Corporation, Sandia Operating Corp.,
         Wamsutter  Holdings,  Inc.,  Western  Associated Energy Corporation and
         Eastside Coal Company,  Inc.'s Registration  Statement on Form S-1, No.
         333-103027).

23.1     Consent of BDO Seidman, LLP (filed herewith)

23.2     Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP (filed herewith).

23.3     Consent  of  Deloitte  &  Touche  LLP  Chartered   Accountants   (filed
         herewith).

23.4     Consent of DeGolyer and MacNaughton. (filed herewith).

23.5     Consent of McDaniel & Associates Consultants, Ltd. (filed herewith).

31.1     Certification - Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith)

31.2     Certification - Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith)

32.1     Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  Section
         1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of
         2002 (filed herewith).

32.2     Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  Section
         1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of
         2002 (filed herewith).

*      Management Compensatory Plan or Agreement.

(b)      Reports on Form 8-K

1.       Current  Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2003,  Disclosure  of
         Operations and Financial Condition,  including press release announcing
         Third Quarter 2003 Financial Results.
2.       Current  Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2004,  Regulation  FD,
         including  press release  announcing  Operations  Update and Exhibit of
         materials presented to investors.


                                       52
<PAGE>

3.       Current  Report on Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2004,  Regulation FD,
         including  press  release  announcing  amendment  to First Lien  Credit
         Facility.
4.       Current  Report  on Form 8-K  filed on  February  26,  2004,  Financial
         Statements  and  Exhibits  and  Regulation  FD  disclosure,   including
         Amendment  No. 2 to Loan  and  Security  Agreement  and  press  release
         regarding such amendment.
5.       Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2004, Financial Statements
         and Exhibits, including press release announcing Forth Quarter 2003 and
         Year End 2003 Financial Results.

                                       53
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  Registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                            ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION

         By:     /s/ Robert L.G. Watson           By: /s/ Chris E. Williford
                 -----------------------              -------------------------
                 President and Principal               Exec. Vice President and
                 Executive Officer                     Principal Financial and
                                                       Accounting Officer
         DATED: March 11, 2004

Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,  this
report  has  been  signed  below  by the  following  persons  on  behalf  of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

         Signature                       Name and Title               Date
         ---------                       --------------              ----
/s/ Robert L.G. Watson             Chairman of the Board,
----------------------             President (Principal
Robert L.G. Watson                 Executive Officer)and
                                   Director                     March 11, 2004

/s/ Chris E. Williford             Exec. Vice President and
-----------------------            Treasurer (Principal Financial
Chris Williford                    and Accounting Officer)      March 11, 2004


/s/ Craig S. Bartlett, Jr.         Director                     March 11, 2004
--------------------------
Craig S. Bartlett, Jr.

/s/ Franklin Burke                 Director                     March 11, 2004
------------------
Franklin Burke

/s/ Harold D. Carter               Director                     March 11, 2004
--------------------
Harold D. Carter

/s/ Ralph F. Cox                   Director                     March 11, 2004
-----------------
Ralph F. Cox

/s/ Barry J. Galt                  Director                     March 11, 2004
------------------
Barry J. Galt

/s/ Dennis E. Logue                Director                     March 11, 2004
-------------------
Dennis E Logue

/s/ James C. Phelps                Director                     March 11, 2004
-------------------
James C. Phelps

/s/ Joseph A. Wagda                Director                     March 11, 2004
-------------------
Joseph A. Wagda


                                       54
<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 23.1

Independent Auditors' Consent

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration  Statements No.
33-48932, 33-48934,  33-72268,  33-81416, 33-81418,  333-17375, and 333-17377 of
Abraxas Petroleum Corporation on Form S-8 of our report dated february 13, 2004,
relating to the consolidated  financial statements,  which appears in the Annual
Report to  Shareholders,  which is  incorporated in this Annual Report pmn Fornm
10-K.



BDO Seidman, LLP
March 9, 2003


                                       55
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 23.2

Independent Auditors' Consent



We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration  Statements No.
33-48932, 33-48934,  33-72268,  33-81416, 33-81418,  333-17375, and 333-17377 of
Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  on Form S-8 of our report dated March 10, 2003,
July 18,  2003,  as to Note  19,  and the  first  paragraph  of "New  Accounting
Pronouncements" in Note 1, (which expresses an unqualified  opinion and includes
two explanatory  paragraphs referring to the subsequent events described in Note
2 and the restatement  described in Note 19), appearing in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K of Abraxas Petroleum Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2003.


/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

San Antonio, Texas
March 9, 2004



                                       56
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 23.3


Independent Auditors' Consent


We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration  Statements No.
33-48932, 33-48934,  33-72268,  33-81416, 33-81418,  333-17375, and 333-17377 of
Abraxas Petroleum  Corporation on Form S-8 of our report dated March 10, 2003 on
the financial  statements of Grey Wolf  Exploration Inc. (which report expresses
an  unqualified  opinion,  and for  U.S.  readers  has a  Canada-U.S.  reporting
difference  which  would  require  an  explanatory  paragraph  relating  to  the
Company's changes in accounting policies and significant  subsequent events that
have been  disclosed  in the  financial  statements),  appearing  in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Abraxas Petroleum Corporation for the year ended December
31, 2003.



Calgary, Canada                                      /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP
March 9, 2004                                        Chartered Accountants



                                       57
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 23.3


                       Consent of DeGolyer and MacNaughton


We hereby consent to the incorporation in the "Reserves  Information" section of
your Annual Report on Form 10-K of the  references  to DeGolyer and  MacNaughton
and to the use by reference of information contained in our "Appraisal Report as
of  December  31,  2003  on  Certain   Properties  owned  by  Abraxas  Petroleum
Corporation,"  "Appraisal  Report as of December 31, 2003 on Certain  Properties
owned by Grey Wolf Exploration Inc. in Canada," "Appraisal Report as of December
31,  2002  on  Certain  Properties  owned  by  Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation,"
"Appraisal  Report as of December 31, 2002 on Certain  Properties  owned by Grey
Wolf Exploration Inc. in Canada," and "Appraisal  Report as of December 31, 2001
on Certain  Properties owned by Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation"  (our Reports).
However,  since the crude oil, condensate,  natural gas liquids, and natural gas
reserves  estimates  set forth in our Reports have been  combined  with reserves
estimates of other petroleum  consultants or those estimated by Abraxas,  we are
necessarily unable to verify the accuracy of the reserves estimates contained in
the aforementioned Annual Report.

                                          DeGolyer and MacNaughton



Dallas, Texas
March  9, 2004


                                       58
<PAGE>



                                                                  Exhibit 23.4

               Consent of McDaniel and Associates Consultants LTD.


We consent to the incorporation in your Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of the
references to McDaniel and Associates Consultants Ltd. in the "Reserves
Information" section and to the use by reference of information contained in our
Evaluation Report "Canadian Abraxas Petroleum Ltd., Evaluation of Oil & Gas
Reserves, As of January 1, 2002, dated April 3, 2002.


McDaniel & Associates Consultants LTD

Calgary, Alberta
April 3, 2002



                                       59
<PAGE>
                                                                  Exhibit 31.1

                                 CERTIFICATIONS


I, Robert L. G. Watson, certify that:

     1.   I have reviewed  this annual report on Form 10-K of Abraxas  Petroleum
          Corporation;

     2.   Based on my knowledge,  this annual report does not contain any untrue
          statement  of a  material  fact  or  omit to  state  a  material  fact
          necessary to make the statements  made, in light of the  circumstances
          under which such  statements were made, not misleading with respect to
          the period covered by this annual report;

     3.   Based on my knowledge,  the financial statements,  and other financial
          information  included in this  annual  report,  fairly  present in all
          material respects the financial  condition,  results of operations and
          cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods  presented in
          this annual report;

     4.   The registrant's  other  certifying  officer and I are responsible for
          establishing  and maintaining  disclosure  controls and procedures (as
          defined  in  Exchange  Act  Rules  13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e))  for the
          registrant and have:

          (a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures,  or caused such
               disclosure  controls  and  procedures  to be  designed  under our
               supervision,  to ensure that material information relating to the
               registrant,  including  its  consolidated  subsidiaries,  is made
               known to us by others within those entities,  particularly during
               the period in which this annual report is being prepared;

          (b)  evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  registrant's   disclosure
               controls  and  procedures,  and  presented  in  this  report  our
               conclusions  about the  effectiveness of the disclosure  controls
               and  procedures,  as of the  end of the  period  covered  by this
               report based on such evaluation; and

          (c)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's  internal
               control  over  financial   reporting  that  occurred  during  the
               registrant's fourth fiscal quarter that has materially  affected,
               or is reasonably  likely to materially  affect,  the registrant's
               internal control over financial reporting.

     5.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed,  based
          on our most recent  evaluation  of  internal  control  over  financial
          reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
          registrant's  board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
          functions):

          (a)  all  significant  deficiencies  in the  design  or  operation  of
               internal controls which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
               the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
               financial  information;   and

          (b)  any fraud,  whether or not material,  that involves management or
               other employees who have a significant  role in the  registrant's
               internal control over financial reporting.


Date: March 11, 2004
/s/ Robert L.G. Watson
Robert L.G. Watson
Chairman of the Board, President and
Principal Executive Officer



                                       60
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 31.2

                                 CERTIFICATIONS


I, Chris Williford, certify that:

     1.   I have reviewed  this annual report on Form 10-K of Abraxas  Petroleum
          Corporation;

     2.   Based on my knowledge,  this annual report does not contain any untrue
          statement  of a  material  fact  or  omit to  state  a  material  fact
          necessary to make the statements  made, in light of the  circumstances
          under which such  statements were made, not misleading with respect to
          the period covered by this annual report;

     3.   Based on my knowledge,  the financial statements,  and other financial
          information  included in this  annual  report,  fairly  present in all
          material respects the financial  condition,  results of operations and
          cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods  presented in
          this annual report;

     4.   The registrant's  other  certifying  officer and I are responsible for
          establishing  and maintaining  disclosure  controls and procedures (as
          defined  in  Exchange  Act  Rules  13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e))  for the
          registrant and have:

          (a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures,  or caused such
               disclosure  controls  and  procedures  to be  designed  under our
               supervision,  to ensure that material information relating to the
               registrant,  including  its  consolidated  subsidiaries,  is made
               known to us by others within those entities,  particularly during
               the period in which this annual report is being prepared;

          (b)  evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  registrant's   disclosure
               controls  and  procedures,  and  presented  in  this  report  our
               conclusions  about the  effectiveness of the disclosure  controls
               and  procedures,  as of the  end of the  period  covered  by this
               report based on such evaluation; and

          (c)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's  internal
               control  over  financial   reporting  that  occurred  during  the
               registrant's fourth fiscal quarter that has materially  affected,
               or is reasonably  likely to materially  affect,  the registrant's
               internal control over financial reporting.

     5.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed,  based
          on our most recent  evaluation  of  internal  control  over  financial
          reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
          registrant's  board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
          functions):

          (a)  all  significant  deficiencies  in the  design  or  operation  of
               internal controls which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
               the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
               financial  information;   and

          (b)  any fraud,  whether or not material,  that involves management or
               other employees who have a significant  role in the  registrant's
               internal control over financial reporting.


Date:  March 11, 2004
/s/ Chris Williford
Chris Williford
Executive Vice President and
Principal Accounting Officer


                                       61
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 32.1


                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                             18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


In  connection  with the Annual  Report of Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  (the
"Company")  on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2003 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"),  I, Robert
L.G. Watson, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company,  certify,  pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  Section 1350, as adopted  pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

     (1)The Report fully  complies  with the  requirements  of Section  13(a) or
        15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934; and

     (2)The  information  contained  in  the  Report  fairly  presents,  in  all
        material respects,  the financial condition and results of operations of
        the Company.



                                      /s/ Robert L.G. Watson
                                      Robert L.G. Watson
                                      Chairman of the Board,
                                      President and Chief Executive Officer
                                      March 11, 2004


This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of ss.18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1964, as amended.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

                                       62
<PAGE>


                                                                    Exhibit 32.2

                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                             18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


In  connection  with the Annual  Report of Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  (the
"Company")  on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2003 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange  Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"),  I, Chris
E,  Williford,  Executive  Vice  President  and Chief  Financial  Officer of the
Company,  certify,  pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  Section 1350, as adopted  pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

     (1)The Report fully  complies  with the  requirements  of Section  13(a) or
        15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934; and

     (2)The  information  contained  in  the  Report  fairly  presents,  in  all
        material respects,  the financial condition and results of operations of
        the Company.



                                      /s/ Chris E. Williford
                                      Chris E. Williford
                                      Executive Vice President and
                                      Chief Financial Officer
                                      March 11, 2004



This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of ss.18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1964, as amended.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

                                       63
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                          Page

Abraxas Petroleum Corporation and Subsidiaries

Independent Auditors' Report for the year ended December 31, 2003..........F-2
Independent Auditors' Reports for the years ended December 31, 2001
   and 2002................................................................F-3
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2002 and 2003..................F-4
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
   December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003........................................F-6
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit for the years ended
   December 31,  2001, 2002 and 2003.......................................F-7
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
   December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003........................................F-9
Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (loss)
   for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003... ................F-11
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ................................F-12


Grey Wolf Exploration Inc.

Auditors' Reports for the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2002...........F-47
Comments by Auditors' for US readers on Canada - US reporting differences..F-48
Balance Sheet at December 31, 2002.........................................F-49
Statements of Earnings and Retained Earnings for the years ended
   December 31, 2002 and 2001 .............................................F-50
Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2002 and  2001...F-51
Notes to Financial Statements..............................................F-52


                                      F-1
<PAGE>



INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Abraxas Petroleum Corporation


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Abraxas Petroleum
Corporation   (the   "Company")  as  of  December  31,  2003,  and  the  related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' deficit, and cash flows and
other comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2003. These financial
statements   are  the   responsibility   of  the   Company's   management.   Our
responsibility  is to express an opinion on these financial  statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards  generally accepted
in the  United  States of  America.  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audit  provides  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion,  such consolidated  financial  statements present fairly, in all
material respects,  the financial  position of Abraxas Petroleum  Corporation at
December 31, 2003,  and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the
year ended December 31, 2003 in conformity with accounting  principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated  financial statements,  as of January
1, 2003,  the Company  changed  its method of  accounting  for asset  retirement
obligations.



/s/BDO Seidman, LLP
Dallas, Texas
February 13, 2004



                                      F-2
<PAGE>


INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Abraxas Petroleum Corporation


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Abraxas Petroleum
Corporation  and  Subsidiaries  (the "Company") as of December 31, 2002, and the
related consolidated  statements of operations,  stockholders' deficit, and cash
flows and other  comprehensive  income  for each of the two years in the  period
ended December 31, 2002. These financial  statements are the  responsibility  of
the Company's  management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the  United  States of  America.  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion,  such consolidated  financial  statements present fairly, in all
material  respects,  the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2002,
and the results of its  operations  and its cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31, 2002 in conformity with  accounting  principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

As discussed in Note 2 to the  financial  statements,  on January 23, 2003,  the
Company  sold  all  of  the  outstanding   common  stock  of  two  wholly  owned
subsidiaries,  Canadian  Abraxas  Petroleum  Limited and Grey Wolf  Exploration,
Inc.,  repaid certain debt, and also entered into an agreement to exchange cash,
new debt and common stock of the Company for certain other debt.

As discussed in Note 19 to the financial  statements,  the accompanying 2001 and
2002 financial statements have been restated.




/s/DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
San Antonio, Texas
March 10, 2003 (July 18, 2003, as to Note 19 and the first paragraph of "New
Accounting Pronouncements" in Note 1)



                                      F-3
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                          ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                                     ASSETS

                                                                                December 31
                                                                   --------------------------------------
                                                                         2002                2003
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
                                                                          (Dollars in thousands)

Current assets:
<S>                                                                   <C>                <C>
   Cash ...................................................           $       4,882      $         493
   Accounts receivable:
       Joint owners .......................................                   2,215              1,360
       Oil and gas production sales .......................                   7,466              5,873
       Other ..............................................                     364              1,090
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
                                                                             10,045              8,323
   Equipment inventory ....................................                   1,014                782
   Other current assets ...................................                   1,240                572
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
     Total current assets..................................                  17,181             10,170

Property and equipment:
     Oil and gas properties, full cost method of accounting:
       Proved .............................................                 521,995            325,222
       Unproved, not subject to amortization ..............                   7,052              4,304
     Other property and equipment .........................                  44,189              4,540
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
           Total ..........................................                 573,236            334,066
      Less accumulated depreciation, depletion, and
       amortization .......................................                 422,842            222,503
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
       Total property and equipment - net .................                 150,394            111,563

Deferred financing fees net ...............................                   5,671              4,410
Deferred income taxes......................................                   7,820                  -
Other assets ..............................................                     359                294
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
   Total assets ...........................................           $     181,425      $     126,437
                                                                   ================== ===================




           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
</TABLE>

                                      F-4
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                          ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION

                     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED)

                      LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT


                                                                                December 31
                                                                   --------------------------------------
                                                                         2002                2003
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
                                                                          (Dollars in thousands)

Current liabilities:
<S>                                                                   <C>                <C>
   Accounts payable ..........................................        $       9,687      $       6,756
   Joint interest oil and gas production payable .............                2,432              2,290
   Accrued interest ..........................................                6,009              2,340
   Other accrued expenses ....................................                1,162              1,228
   Current maturities of long-term debt ......................               63,500                  -
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
     Total current liabilities................................               82,790             12,614

Long-term debt ...............................................              236,943            184,649

Future site restoration  .....................................                3,946              1,377

Stockholders' equity (deficit):
   Common stock, par value $.01 per share - authorized
     200,000,000 shares; issued 30,145,280 and 36,024,308
     at December 31, 2002 and 2003 respectively............                     301                360
   Additional paid-in capital ................................              136,830            141,835
   Receivables from stock sale................................                  (97)               (97)
   Accumulated deficit ......................................              (269,621)          (213,701)
   Treasury stock, at cost, 165,883 shares....................                 (964)              (964)
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)..............               (8,703)               364
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
Total stockholders' deficit...................................             (142,254)           (72,203)
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
   Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit................        $     181,425      $     126,437
                                                                   ================== ===================



           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
</TABLE>

                                      F-5
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                          ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

                                                                             Year Ended December 31
                                                            ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                     2001              2002               2003
                                                            ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       (In thousands except per share data)
Revenues:
<S>                                                              <C>                <C>               <C>
   Oil and gas production revenues .........................     $      73,201      $      50,862     $      38,105
   Gas processing revenues..................................             2,438              2,420               133
   Rig revenues ............................................               756                635               663
   Other  ..................................................               848                403               118
                                                              --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        77,243             54,320            39,019
Operating costs and expenses:
   Lease operating and production taxes ....................            18,616             15,240             9,599
   Depreciation, depletion, and amortization ...............            32,484             26,539            10,803
   Proved property impairment ..............................             2,638            115,993                 -
   Rig operations ..........................................               702                567               609
   General and administrative ..............................             6,445              6,884             5,360
   Stock-based compensation.................................            (2,767)                 -             1,106
                                                              --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        58,118            165,223            27,477
                                                              --------------------------------------------------------
Operating income (loss).....................................            19,125           (110,903)           11,542

Other (income) expense:
   Interest income .........................................               (78)               (92)              (30)
   Amortization of deferred financing fees .................             2,268              2,095             1,678
   Interest expense ........................................            31,523             34,150            16,955
   Financing costs..........................................                 -                967             4,406
   Loss on sale of equity investment .......................               845                  -                 -
   Gain on sale of foreign subsidiaries.....................                 -                  -           (68,933)
   Other ...................................................               207                201               774
                                                              --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        34,765             37,321           (45,150)
                                                              --------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before cumulative effect of accounting change
   and taxes................................................           (15,640)          (148,224)           56,692

Income tax expense (benefit):
   Current .................................................               505                  -                 -
   Deferred ................................................             1,897            (29,697)              377
Minority interest in income of foreign subsidiary (2001
   prior to purchase).......................................             1,676                  -                 -
Cumulative effect of accounting change......................                 -                  -               395
                                                              --------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)........................................        $     (19,718)     $    (118,527)    $      55,920
                                                              ========================================================

Basic earnings (loss)per common share:
   Net earnings (loss)...................................        $      (0.76)      $       (3.95)    $        1.59
   Cumulative effect of accounting change................                    -                  -             (0.01)
                                                              --------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss) per common share - basic ..............        $      (0.76)      $       (3.95)    $        1.58
                                                              ========================================================

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share:
   Net earnings (loss)...................................        $      (0.76)      $       (3.95)    $        1.56
   Cumulative effect of accounting change................                    -                  -             (0.01)
                                                              --------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss) per common share  - diluted............        $      (0.76)      $      (3.95)     $        1.55
                                                              ========================================================

           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
</TABLE>

                                      F-6
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                          ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT
                       (In thousands except share amounts)




                                    Common Stock         Treasury Stock        Additional
                                --------------------------------------------   Paid-In
                                  Shares     Amount    Shares     Amount        Capital
                                ----------- -------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>         <C>       <C>       <C>          <C>
Balance at December 31, 2000 .   22,759,852  $  227    165,883   $  (964)     $   130,409
   Comprehensive income (loss)
   Net loss ....................        --                --            --           --
     Other comprehensive
       income:
       Hedge loss ..............        --                --            --           --
       Foreign currency
         translation adjustment.        --                --            --           --
         adjustment

   Comprehensive income ......      (28,480)
     (loss)
   Stock-based compensation
     expense .................          --                --            --         (2,767)
   Issuance of common stock
     for contingent value
     rights ..................     3,383,488     34       --            --            (34)
   Issuance of common stock
     and stock options for
     acquisition of
     minority interest in ....
     Old Grey Wolf
     Exploration, Inc. .......     3,990,565      40      --             --         9,206
   Stock options exercised ...         8,375      --      --              16          --
                                  ---------- --------- ---------  -----------   ------------
Balance at December 31, 2001 .    30,145,280 $   301   165,883    $     (964) $   136,830
   Comprehensive income
     (loss):
   Net loss ..................          --        --      --            --             --
     Other comprehensive
       income:
       Hedge income ..........          --        --      --            --             --
       Foreign currency
         translation .........          --        --      --            --             --
         adjustment
   Comprehensive income (loss)
                                  ----------   ------- ---------  -----------   ------------
Balance at December 31, 2002..    30,145,280 $   301   165,883   $      (964)   $   136,830
</TABLE>

<page>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                  Accumulated
                                                     Other          Recivables
                                   Accumuated    Comprehensive         From
                                    Deficit       Income (loss)     Stock Sale      Total
                                  -------------  --------------   -------------  ----------
<S>                               <C>            <C>              <C>            <C>
Balance at December 31, 2000 .    $  (131,376)   $    (4,799)     $     (97)     $  (6,600)
   Comprehensive income (loss):
   Net loss ....................      (19,718)           --              --        (19,718)
     Other comprehensive
       income:
       Hedge loss ..............        --              (566)            --           (566)
       Foreign currency
         translation adjustment.        --            (8,196)            --         (8,196)
         adjustment
                                                                                  ---------
   Comprehensive income (loss)..                                                   (24,480)
   Stock-based compensation
     expense .................          --               --              --         (2,767)
   Issuance of common stock
     for contingent value
     rights ..................          --               --              --             --
   Issuance of common stock
     and stock options for
     acquisition of
     minority interest in
     Old Grey Wolf
     Exploration, Inc. ........         --               --              --          9,246
   Stock options exercised ...          --               --              --             16

                                   -------------  --------------   -------------  ----------
Balance at December 31, 2001 .      $(151,094)    $  (13,561)      $    (97)   $   (28,585)
   Comprehensive income
     (loss):
   Net loss ................. .      (118,527)           --              --       (118,527)
     Other comprehensive
       income:
       Hedge income ..........          --               566             --            566
       Foreign currency
         translation .........
         adjustment                     --             4,292             --          4,292
                                                                                 -----------
   Comprehensive income (loss)                                                    (113,669)
                                   -------------  --------------   -------------  ----------
Balance at December 31, 2002. .    $ (269,621)    $   (8,703)      $    (97)   $  (142,254)
</TABLE>
                                      F-7
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATIONRIES

          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT (continued)
                       (In thousands except share amounts)



                                      Common Stock         Treasury Stock        Additional
                                --------------------------------------------   Paid-In
                                  Shares     Amount    Shares     Amount        Capital
                                ----------- --------- ---------- ----------- -----------------
<S>                              <C>          <C>       <C>      <C>            <C>
Balance at December 31, 2002..   30,145,280   $  301    165,883  $  (964)       $136,830
   Comprehensive income
     (loss):
   Net  income .............         --           --         --         --            --
     Other comprehensive
       income (loss):
       Foreign currency
         translation
         adjustment ........          --           --        --         --            --


   Comprehensive income ....
   Stock-based compensation
     expense ...............         --           --         --         --           1,106

   Stock options exercised .      129,352          1         --         --              84
   Stock issued for
     acquisition of Wind ...
     River Resources              106,977          1         --         --              91
   Stock issued in
     connection with
     exchange offer             5,642,699         57         --         --           3,724

                               ----------- --------- ---------- ----------- -----------------
Balance at December 31, 2003.   36,024,308   $    360    165,883  $  (964)      $  141,835
                               =========== ========= ========== =========== =================
</TABLE>

<page>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                  Accumulated
                                                     Other          Recivables
                                   Accumuated    Comprehensive         From
                                    Deficit       Income (loss)     Stock Sale      Total
                                  -------------  --------------   -------------  ----------
<S>                               <C>             <C>                <C>        <C>
Balance at December 31, 2002.     $ (269,621)     $  (8,703)         $ (97)     $ (142,254)
   Comprehensive income
     (loss):
   Net  income ..........             55,920             --             --          55,920
     Other comprehensive
       income (loss):
       Foreign currency
         translation
         adjustment ........            --            9,067             --           9,067
                                                                                 ----------
   Comprehensive income ....                                                        64,987
   Stock-based compensation
     expense ...............            --               --             --           1,106
   Stock options exercised .            --               --             --              85
   Stock issued for
     acquisition of Wind ...
     River Resources                    --               --             --              92
   Stock issued in
     connection with
     exchange offer.........            --               --             --           3,781
                                  -------------  --------------   -------------  ----------
Balance at December 31, 2003      $ (213,701)     $     364           $  (97)    $ (72,203)
                                  =============  ==============   =============  ==========
</TABLE>


          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                      F-8
<PAGE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                          Abraxas Petroleum Corporation

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                                     Years Ended December 31
                                                                 ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                           2001                 2002                  2003
                                                                 ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                           (In thousands)
       Operating Activities
<S>                                                                    <C>                  <C>                   <C>
       Net income (loss) ...................................           $     (19,718)       $    (118,527)        $      55,920
       Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash
          provided by (used in) operating activities:
            Minority interest in income of foreign subsidiary                  1,676                    -                     -
            Loss on sale of equity investment................                    845                    -                     -
            (Gain) on sale of foreign subsidiaries...........                      -                    -               (68,933)
            Depreciation, depletion, and
               amortization ................................                  32,484               26,539                10,803
            Non-cash interest and financing cost............                       -                    -                16,422
            Proved property impairment .....................                   2,638              115,993                     -
            Deferred income tax expense (benefit)...........                   1,897              (29,697)                  377
            Amortization of deferred financing fees.........                   2,268                2,095                 1,678
            Stock-based compensation .......................                  (2,767)                   -                 1,106
            Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
               Accounts receivable .........................                  12,693               (2,247)               (1,446)
               Equipment inventory .........................                     (76)                 201                    78
               Other  ......................................                    (106)                 126                   295
               Accounts payable ............................                 (14,848)              (2,775)                3,417
               Accrued expenses ............................                    (723)                 (44)                4,133
                                                                    ------------------   ------------------    ------------------
       Net cash provided by (used) in operations............                  16,263               (8,336)               23,850

       Investing Activities
       Capital expenditures, including purchases
          and development of properties ....................                 (57,056)             (38,912)              (18,349)
       Proceeds from sale of oil and gas
          properties........................................                  28,938               33,876                     -
       Acquisition of minority interest.....................                  (2,679)                   -                     -
       Proceeds from sale of  foreign subsidiaries..........                       -                    -                85,810
                                                                    ------------------   ------------------    ------------------
       Net cash provided by (used ) in investing activities.                 (30,797)              (5,036)               67,461

</TABLE>

                                      F-9
<PAGE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                          ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued)


                                                                                     Years Ended December 31
                                                                 ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                          2001                 2002                  2003
                                                                 ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                           (In thousands)
       Financing Activities
<S>                                                                               <C>             <C>                  <C>
       Proceeds from issuance of common stock...............                      16                    -                   177
       Proceeds from long-term borrowings ..................                  29,995               20,551                43,342
       Payments on long-term borrowings ....................                  (9,326)              (8,176)             (138,544)
       Deferred financing fees .............................                       -               (1,539)                 (597)
                                                                    ------------------   ------------------    ------------------
       Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities..                  20,685               10,836               (95,622)
                                                                    ------------------   ------------------    ------------------
       Increase (decrease) in cash .........................                   6,151               (2,536)               (4,311)
       Effect of exchange rate changes on cash..............                    (550)                (187)                  (78)
                                                                   ------------------   ------------------    ------------------

       Increase (decrease) in cash .........................                   5,601               (2,723)               (4,389)
       Cash at beginning of year ...........................                   2,004                7,605                 4,882
                                                                    ------------------   ------------------    ------------------
       Cash at end of year..................................           $       7,605        $       4,882         $         493
                                                                    ==================   ==================    ==================

       Supplemental Disclosures
       Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
            Interest paid ..........................                   $      31,752        $      34,154         $       4,279
                                                                    ==================   ==================    ==================
            Taxes paid..............................                   $         505        $           -         $           -
                                                                    ==================   ==================    ==================

       Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and
       financing activities:

       In May 2001 the Company issued 3,386,488 shares of common stock upon the
       expiration of the CVRs issued in connection with the December 1999
       exchange.

       In September 2001 the Company issued 3,990,565
       shares of common stock and options and paid
       $2,679,000 million in cash in connection with the
       acquisition of the minority interest in Old Grey
       Wolf. (See Note 4.)
       Decrease in oil and gas properties and other assets..           $      (2,925)
       Decrease in deferred income tax liability............           $       1,091
                                                                    ==================
       Increase in stockholders equity......................           $      (9,246)
                                                                   ==================
       Decrease in minority interest in foreign subsidiary..           $      13,759
                                                                    ==================



                                     See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

</TABLE>

                                      F-10
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                          ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION

          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)


                                                                                        Years Ended December 31,
                                                                               2001               2002               2003
                                                                       ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                             (In thousands)
<S>                                                                      <C>                <C>                  <C>
   Net  income (loss)............................................        $        (19,718)  $       (118,527)    $        55,920
   Other Comprehensive income (loss):
   Hedging derivatives (net of tax) - See Note 16                                    (566)                                     -
     Reclassification adjustment for settled hedge contracts,
     net of taxes................................................                       -              2,556                   -
     Change in fair market value of outstanding hedge positions
     net of taxes ...............................................                       -             (1,990)                  -
                                                                        ------------------- ------------------ ------------------
                                                                                        -                566                   -
   Foreign currency translation adjustment
     Reclassification of foreign currency translation adjustment
       relating to the sale of foreign subsidiaries..............                        -                 -               4,632
     Effect of change in exchange rate...........................                        -                 -               4,435
                                                                        ------------------- ------------------ ------------------
Other comprehensive income (loss)................................                   (8,762)            4,858               9,067
                                                                        ------------------- ------------------ ------------------
Comprehensive income (loss)......................................       $          (28,480) $       (113,669)   $         64,987
                                                                        =================== ================== ==================






                                     See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

</TABLE>

                                      F-11
<PAGE>

                 ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1.  Organization and Significant Accounting Policies

Nature of Operations

     Abraxas   Petroleum   Corporation   (the  "Company"  or  "Abraxas")  is  an
independent  energy company engaged in the exploration for and the  acquisition,
development,  and  production of crude oil and natural gas  primarily  along the
Texas Gulf Coast,  in the Permian Basin of western Texas and in western  Canada.
The consolidated  financial  statements  include the accounts of the Company and
its wholly owned subsidiaries.  All intercompany  accounts and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation.

     The consolidated  financial  statements include the accounts of the Company
and its wholly-owned  foreign subsidiary,  Grey Wolf Exploration Inc. ("New Grey
Wolf").  In  January  2003,  the  Company  sold all of the  common  stock of its
wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries, Canadian Abraxas Petroleum Limited ("Canadian
Abraxas") and Grey Wolf Exploration Inc. ("Old Grey Wolf").  Certain oil and gas
properties  were  retained  and  transferred   into  New  Grey  Wolf  which  was
incorporated  in January 2003. The  operations of Canadian  Abraxas and Old Grey
Wolf are included in the consolidated  financial  statements through January 23,
2003.

     New Grey Wolf's assets and  liabilities  are translated to U.S.  dollars at
period-end  exchange  rates.  Income and expense items are translated at average
rates of exchange  prevailing  during the period.  Translation  adjustments  are
accumulated as a separate component of shareholders' equity.


Use of Estimates

     The  preparation of  consolidated  financial  statements in conformity with
accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in the  United  States  of  America
requires  management to make estimates and assumptions  that affect the reported
amounts  of assets and  liabilities  and  disclosure  of  contingent  assets and
liabilities  at the  date  of the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the
reported  amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting  period.  Actual
results  could  differ  from those  estimates.  Management  believes  that it is
reasonably  possible that estimates of proved crude oil and natural gas revenues
could significantly change in the future.

Concentration of Credit Risk

     Financial instruments,  which potentially expose the Company to credit risk
consist  principally  of trade  receivables  and crude oil and natural gas price
swap  agreements.   Accounts   receivable  are  generally  from  companies  with
significant  oil and gas  marketing  activities.  The Company  performs  ongoing
credit evaluations and, generally, requires no collateral from its customers.

Cash and Equivalents

     Cash and  cash  equivalents  includes  cash on hand,  demand  deposits  and
short-term investments with original maturities of three months or less.

Accounts Receivable

     Accounts  receivable are reported net of an allowance for doubtful accounts
of   approximately   $77,000  and  $11,000  at  December   31,  2002  and  2003,
respectively.  The  allowance for doubtful  accounts is determined  based on the
Company's  historical losses, as well as a review of certain accounts.  Accounts
are charged off when  collection  efforts  have failed and the account is deemed
uncollectible.

                                      F-12
<PAGE>

Equipment Inventory

     Equipment inventory principally consists of casing, tubing, and compression
equipment and is carried at cost.

Oil and Gas Properties

     The Company  follows the full cost method of  accounting  for crude oil and
natural gas properties. Under this method, all direct costs and certain indirect
costs  associated  with  acquisition  of  properties  and  successful as well as
unsuccessful   exploration   and   development   activities   are   capitalized.
Depreciation,  depletion,  and amortization of capitalized crude oil and natural
gas  properties  and estimated  future  development  costs,  excluding  unproved
properties, are based on the unit-of-production method based on proved reserves.
Net capitalized  costs of crude oil and natural gas properties,  as adjusted for
asset  retirement  obligations,  less related  deferred taxes,  are limited,  by
country,  to the lower of unamortized  cost or the cost ceiling,  defined as the
sum of the present value of estimated  future net revenues from proved  reserves
based  on  unescalated  prices  discounted  at 10  percent,  plus  the  cost  of
properties not being amortized, if any, plus the lower of cost or estimated fair
value of unproved properties included in the costs being amortized, if any, less
related  income taxes.  Excess costs are charged to proved  property  impairment
expense. No gain or loss is recognized upon sale or disposition of crude oil and
natural gas properties, except in unusual circumstances.

     Unproved properties represent costs associated with properties on which the
Company  is  performing  exploration  activities  or intends  to  commence  such
activities.  These costs are reviewed  periodically for possible  impairments or
reduction in value based on geological and  geophysical  data. If a reduction in
value has occurred,  costs being amortized are increased.  The Company  believes
that  the  unproved  properties  will  be  substantially  evaluated  in  six  to
thirty-six months and it will begin to amortize these costs at such time. During
2001, 2002 and 2003 the Company  capitalized  $164,000,  $152,000 and $49,000 of
interest expense  respectively,  based on the cost of major development projects
in progress.

Other Property and Equipment

     Other   property  and   equipment  are  recorded  on  the  basis  of  cost.
Depreciation  of other  property and  equipment is provided  over the  estimated
useful lives using the straight-line  method. Major renewals and betterments are
recorded as additions to the property and  equipment  accounts.  Repairs that do
not improve or extend the useful lives of assets are expensed.

Hedging

     The Company periodically enters into agreements to hedge the risk of future
crude oil and natural gas price  fluctuations.  Such agreements are primarily in
the  form of  price  floors  and  collars,  which  limit  the  impact  of  price
fluctuations  with respect to the  Company's  sale of crude oil and natural gas.
The Company  does not enter into  speculative  hedges.  Gains and losses on such
hedging activities are recognized in oil and gas production revenues when hedged
production is sold. The net cash flows related to any recognized gains or losses
associated with these hedges are reported as cash flows from operations.  If the
hedge is terminated prior to expected maturity, gains or losses are deferred and
included in income in the same period as the physical production required by the
contract is delivered.

     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards,  ("SFAS") No. 133, "Accounting
for  Derivative  Instruments  and Hedging  Activities,"  was  effective  for the
Company on January 1, 2001.  SFAS 133, as amended and  interpreted,  establishes
accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments, including certain
derivative instruments embedded in other contracts,  and for hedging activities.
All  derivatives,  whether  designated in hedging  relationships or not, will be
required to be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. If the derivative is
designated a fair-value  hedge,  the changes in the fair value of the derivative
and the  hedged  item will be  recognized  in  earnings.  If the  derivative  is
designated a cash-flow  hedge,  changes in the fair value of the derivative will
be recorded in other  comprehensive  income (OCI) and will be  recognized in the
income  statement  when the hedged item affects  earnings.  SFAS 133 defines new
requirements for designation and documentation of hedging  relationships as well
as ongoing  effectiveness  assessments in order to use hedge  accounting.  For a
derivative  that does not  qualify  as a hedge,  changes  in fair  value will be
recognized in earnings.

Stock-Based Compensation

     The Company accounts for stock-based compensation using the intrinsic value
method  prescribed  in  Accounting  Principles  Board  Opinion  ("APB")  No. 25,
"Accounting   for  Stock  Issued  to  Employees,"   (APB  No.  25)  and  related
interpretations. Accordingly, compensation cost for stock options is measured as
the excess,  if any, of the quoted  market price of the  Company's  stock at the
date of the grant over the amount an employee must pay to acquire the stock.

                                      F-13
<PAGE>

     Effective July 1, 2000, the Financial  Accounting  Standards Board ("FASB")
issued  FIN  44,   "Accounting   for  Certain   Transactions   Involving   Stock
Compensation,"  an  interpretation  of APB No.  25.  Under  the  interpretation,
certain modifications to fixed stock option awards which were made subsequent to
December 15, 1998,  and were not exercised  prior to July 1, 2000,  require that
the awards be accounted for as variable until they are exercised,  forfeited, or
expired.  In March 1999, the Company  amended the exercise price to $2.06 on all
options  with an  existing  exercise  price  greater  than  $2.06.  The  Company
recognized a credit of $2.8 million during 2001 as stock-based compensation. The
credit  for the  year  ended  December  31,  2001  was due to a  decline  in the
Company's common stock price. There was no stock based compensation for the year
ended December 31, 2002. In January 2003, in connection  with the  restructuring
(see note 2), the Company amended the exercise price to $0.66 on certain options
with an existing  exercise  price  greater  than $0.66.  The Company  recognized
stock-based compensation expense of approximately $1.1 million during 2003.

     Pro forma  information  regarding net income (loss) and earnings (loss) per
share is required by SFAS 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based  Compensation,  (SFAS
123)" which also requires that the  information  be determined as if the Company
has accounted for its employee stock options granted  subsequent to December 31,
1995 under the fair value method  prescribed by SFAS No. 123. The fair value for
these  options was estimated at the date of grant using a  Black-Scholes  option
pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions for 2001, 2002 and
2003, risk-free interest rates of 3.5%, 1.50% and 1.5%,  respectively;  dividend
yields of -0-%; volatility factors of the expected market price of the Company's
common stock of .35, and a  weighted-average  expected life of the option of ten
years.

     The  Black-Scholes   option  valuation  model  was  developed  for  use  in
estimating the fair value of traded  options which have no vesting  restrictions
and are fully  transferable.  In addition,  option  valuation models require the
input of highly  subjective  assumptions  including  the  expected  stock  price
volatility.  Because the Company's  employee stock options have  characteristics
significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the
subjective input assumptions can materially  affect the fair value estimate,  in
management's  opinion, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable
single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.

     For  purposes of pro forma  disclosures,  the  estimated  fair value of the
options is amortized to expense over the options' vesting period.  The Company's
pro forma information follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    Year Ended December 31
                                                                 ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                         2001                   2002                  2003
                                                                  -------------------     -----------------     -----------------
<S>                                                           <C>                     <C>                   <C>
Net income (loss) as reported                                 $          (19,718)     $       (118,527)     $          55,920
Add: Stock-based  employee  compensation expense included in
   reported net income, net of related tax effects                        (2,767)                    -                  1,106
Deduct:  Total  stock-based  employee  compensation  expense
   determined  under fair value based method for all awards,
   net of related tax effects                                             (1,284)                 (670)                  (228)
                                                                  -------------------     -----------------     -----------------
Pro forma net income (loss)                                   $          (23,769)      $      (119,197)     $          56,798
                                                                  ===================     =================     =================
Earnings (loss) per share:
   Basic - as reported                                        $            (0.76)      $         (3.95)     $            1.58
                                                                  ===================     =================     =================
   Basic - pro forma                                          $            (0.92)      $         (3.98)     $            1.61
                                                                  ===================     =================     =================
 Diluted - as reported                                         $           (0.76)      $        (3.95)     $            1.55
                                                                  ===================     =================     =================
Diluted - pro forma                                           $            (0.92)      $         (3.98)     $            1.57
                                                                  ===================     =================     =================
</TABLE>

Foreign Currency Translation

     The functional currency for Canadian Abraxas and Grey Wolf (Old and New) is
the Canadian dollar ($CDN). The Company translates the functional  currency into
U.S.  dollars ($US) based on the current  exchange rate at the end of the period
for the  balance  sheet  and a  weighted  average  rate  for the  period  on the
statement of operations.  Translation  adjustments  are reflected as accumulated
other  comprehensive  income (loss) in the consolidated  financial  statement of
stockholders' deficit.

                                      F-14
<PAGE>

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

     The Company  includes fair value  information in the notes to  consolidated
financial  statements  when  the  fair  value of its  financial  instruments  is
materially  different from the book value. The Company assumes the book value of
those financial  instruments  that are classified as current  approximates  fair
value  because  of the  short  maturity  of these  instruments.  For  noncurrent
financial  instruments,  the Company uses quoted market prices or, to the extent
that there are no available  quoted  market  prices,  market  prices for similar
instruments.

Restoration, Removal and Environmental Liabilities

     The Company is subject to extensive Federal,  state and local environmental
laws and  regulations.  These laws regulate the discharge of materials  into the
environment and may require the Company to remove or mitigate the  environmental
effects of the disposal or release of  petroleum  substances  at various  sites.
Environmental expenditures are expensed or capitalized depending on their future
economic benefit.  Expenditures  that relate to an existing  condition caused by
past operations and that have no future economic benefit are expensed.

     Liabilities  for  expenditures  of a noncapital  nature are  recorded  when
environmental  assessments and/or remediation is probable,  and the costs can be
reasonably  estimated.  Such liabilities are generally  undiscounted  unless the
timing of cash  payments for the  liability  or component  are fixed or reliably
determinable.

Revenue Recognition

     The Company  recognizes crude oil and natural gas revenue from its interest
in producing wells as crude oil and natural gas is sold from those wells, net of
royalties.  Revenue  from the  processing  of natural gas is  recognized  in the
period the  service is  performed.  The  Company  utilizes  the sales  method to
account for gas  production  volume  imbalances.  Under this  method,  income is
recorded  based on the  Company's net revenue  interest in production  taken for
delivery. The Company had no material gas imbalances at December 31, 2003.

Deferred Financing Fees

     Deferred financing fees are being amortized on a level yield basis over the
term of the related debt arrangements.

Income Taxes

     The Company records deferred income taxes using the liability method. Under
this  method,  deferred  tax  assets and  liabilities  are  determined  based on
differences  between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities
and are  measured  using the  enacted  tax rates and laws that will be in effect
when the differences are expected to reverse.

New Accounting Pronouncements

     A  reporting  issue  has  arisen   regarding  the  application  of  certain
provisions  of SFAS No.  141 and SFAS No.  142 to  companies  in the  extractive
industries,  including oil and gas companies.  The issue is whether SFAS No. 142
requires registrants to classify the costs of mineral rights held under lease or
other  contractual  arrangement  associated  with  extracting  oil  and  gas  as
intangible assets in the balance sheet, apart from other capitalized oil and gas
property costs, and provide specific  footnote  disclosures.  Historically,  the
Company has included the costs of such mineral rights associated with extracting
oil  and gas as a  component  of oil and  gas  properties.  If it is  ultimately
determined that SFAS No. 142 requires oil and gas companies to classify costs of
mineral rights held under lease or other contractual arrangement associated with
extracting oil and gas as a separate  intangible assets line item on the balance
sheet,  the Company would be required to reclassify  approximately  $3.1 million
and $4.2 million at December 31, 2002 and December 31, 2003,  respectively,  out
of oil and gas properties and into a separate  intangible  assets line item. The
Company's cash flows and results of operations  would not be affected since such
intangible  assets would  continue to be depleted and assessed for impairment in
accordance with full-cost accounting rules.

     In June  2001,  the  FASB  issued  SFAS  No.  143,  "Accounting  for  Asset
Retirement  Obligations" (SFAS 143). SFAS 143 addresses accounting and reporting
for obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets and
the associated asset retirement  costs.  SFAS 143 is effective for us January 1,
2003.  SFAS 143  requires  that the fair  value of a  liability  for an  asset's
retirement  obligation be recorded in the period in which it is incurred and the
corresponding  cost capitalized by increasing the carrying amount of the related
long-lived  asset.  The  liability  is accreted to its then  present  value each
period,  and the  capitalized  cost is  depreciated  over the useful life of the
related asset. If the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded
amount,  a gain or loss  is  recognized.  For  all  periods  presented,  we have
included  estimated  future costs of abandonment and  dismantlement  in our full
cost  amortization base and amortize these costs as a component of our depletion
expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

                                      F-15
<PAGE>

    The Company adopted SFAS 143 effective January 1, 2003. For the year ended
December 31, 2003 the Company recorded a charge of $395,341 for the cumulative
effect of the change in accounting principle and a liability of $1.3 million.
During 2003, the Company charged approximately $379,000 to expense related to
the accretion of the liability. The impact on each of the prior periods was not
material.

    The following table summarizes the Company's asset retirement obligation
transactions during the following years:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                   2003                     2002                    2001
                                                          -----------------------    -------------------    ---------------------
<S>                                                           <C>                        <C>                    <C>
Beginning asset retirement obligation................         $          3,946           $     4,056            $         4,305
Additions related to new properties..................                      973                   196                          -
Deletions related to property disposals..............                   (3,921)                 (306)                      (249)
Accretion expense....................................                      379                     -                          -
                                                          -----------------------    -------------------    ---------------------
Ending asset retirement obligation...................         $          1,377           $     3,946            $         4,056
                                                          =======================    ===================    =====================
</TABLE>

     In  August  2001,  the  FASB  issued  SFAS  No.  144,  "Accounting  for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived  Assets" (SFAS 144).  Effective  January 1,
2002,  the  Company  adopted  SFAS 144.  SFAS 144  retains  the  requirement  to
recognize an impairment loss only where the carrying value of a long-lived asset
is not recoverable from its undiscounted  cash flows and to measure such loss as
the  difference  between the carrying  amount and fair value of the asset.  SFAS
144, among other things, changes the criteria that have to be met to classify an
asset as  held-for-sale  and requires that  operating  losses from  discontinued
operations be recognized in the period that the losses are incurred  rather than
as of the  measurement  date.  This new standard had no impact on the  Company's
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2003.

     In June  2002,  the  FASB  issued  SFAS  No.  146,  "Accounting  for  Costs
Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities" (SFAS 146). SFAS 146 requires costs
associated  with exit of  disposal  activities  to be  recognized  when they are
incurred  rather than at the date of commitment to an exit or disposal plan. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact the standard will have on its results
of operations and financial  condition.  The effective date of this standard has
not been determined by the FASB.


     In April 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 149, "Amendment of Statement 133 on
Derivative  Instruments and Hedging  Activities" (SFAS 149). SFAS 149 amends and
clarifies  financial  accounting  and  reporting  for  derivative   instruments,
including certain derivative  instruments  embedded in other contracts,  and for
hedging  activities under SFAS No. 133,  "Accounting for Derivative  Instruments
and  Hedging   Activities."   SFAS  149,  among  other  things,   clarifies  the
circumstances  under which a contract with an initial net  investment  meets the
characteristic  of a derivative and amends the definition of an  "underlying" to
conform it to  language  used in FIN 45.  SFAS 149 is  effective  for  contracts
entered into or modified after June 30, 2003. The Company adopted this statement
effective  July 1, 2003.  Implementation  of this new  standard  did not have an
effect  on  the  Company's   consolidated   financial  position  or  results  of
operations.

     In  November  2002 the FASB  issued  FASB  Interpretation  No. 45 (FIN 45),
"Guarantor's  Accounting and Disclosure  Requirements for Guarantees,  Including
Indirect  Guarantees  of  Indebtedness  of  Others."  FIN 45  elaborates  on the
disclosures  to be made by a guarantor  in its  financial  statements  about its
obligations  under  certain  guarantees  that  it  has  issued,  including  loan
guarantees  such as standby  letters of credit.  It also requires a guarantor to
recognize,  at the  inception of a guarantee,  a liability for the fair value of
the obligations it has undertaken in issuing the guarantee.  The  Interpretation
does not  specify  the  subsequent  measurement  of the  guarantor's  recognized
liability  over the term of the related  guarantee.  The guidance in FIN 45 does
not apply to certain  guarantee  contracts,  such as those  issued by  insurance
companies  or for a lessee's  residual  value  guarantee  embedded  in a capital
lease.  The  provisions  related to  recognizing a liability at inception of the
guarantee for the fair value of the guarantor's  obligations  would not apply to
product  warranties or to guarantees  accounted for as derivatives.  The initial
recognition and initial  measurement  provisions apply on a prospective basis to
guarantees  issued or  modified  after  December  31,  2002,  regardless  of the
guarantor's fiscal year-end.  FIN 45 specifies additional  disclosures effective
for financial  statements of interim or annual periods ending after December 15,
2002.  This new  standard did not have an effect on the  Company's  consolidated
financial position or results of operations.

     In  January  2003 the FASB  issued  FASB  Interpretation  No.  46 (FIN 46),
"Consolidation  of  Variable-Interest  Entities  (VIEs".) FIN 46 establishes the
definition  of  VIEs to  encompass  a  broader  group  of  entities  than  those
previously  considered  special-purpose  entities  (SPEs).  FIN 46 specifies the
criteria under which it is appropriate  for an investor to consolidate  VIEs; in
order for an  investor  to  consolidate  a VIE,  the entity must fall within the
definition  of VIE and the investor  must fall within the  definition of primary
beneficiary,  both newly  defined terms under this  interpretation.  The revised
effective  date  of  FIN 46 for  public  companies  with  VIEs  meeting  certain
conditions  will be the end of the first  interim or annual  period ending after


                                      F-16
<PAGE>

December  15, 2003.  In December  2003 the FASB issued FASB  Interpretation  no.
46(R),  which expanded and clarified the guidelines of FIN 46. This new standard
did not have an effect  on the  Company's  consolidated  financial  position  or
results of operations.

     In May 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 150, entitled "Accounting for Certain
Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity" (SFAS
150).  This  statement is effective  for financial  instruments  entered into or
modified after May 31, 2003, and is otherwise  effective at the beginning of the
first interim period beginning after June 15, 2003. The Company has no financial
instruments  affected by SFAS 150,  therefore adoption by the Company as of July
1, 2003 will not impact the Company's financial statements.

2. Restructuring transactions

    In January 2003, the Company completed the following restructuring
transactions:

        o   The  closing of the sale of the capital  stock of  Canadian  Abraxas
            Petroleum  and Old  Grey  Wolf,  to a  Canadian  royalty  trust  for
            approximately $138 million.

        o   The closing of a new senior  credit  agreement  consisting of a term
            loan facility of $4.2 million and a revolving  credit facility of up
            to $50 million with an initial  borrowing base of $49.9 million,  of
            which $42.5  million was used to fund the exchange  offer  described
            below  and the  remaining  availability  will  be  used to fund  the
            continued  development  of our  existing  crude oil and  natural gas
            properties.

        o   The closing of an exchange  offer,  pursuant to which  Abraxas  paid
            $264  in cash  and  issued  $610  principal  amount  of new 11 1/2 %
            Secured  Notes due 2007,  Series A, referred to herein as New Notes,
            and  31.36  shares  of  Abraxas  common  stock  for each  $1,000  in
            principal  amount of the  outstanding  11 1/2 % Senior Secured Notes
            due 2004,  Series A, and 11 1/2 % Senior  Notes due 2004,  Series D,
            issued by Abraxas and  Canadian  Abraxas,  which were  tendered  and
            accepted in the exchange offer. An aggregate of approximately $179.9
            million  in  principal  amount of the  notes  were  tendered  in the
            exchange offer and the remaining $11.1 million of notes not tendered
            were redeemed.

        o   The  repayment  of  Abraxas'  12? % Senior  Secured  Notes due 2003,
            principal amount of $63.5 million, plus accrued interest.

        o   The repayment of Old Grey Wolf's senior secured credit facility with
            Mirant Canada Energy Capital Ltd.  (Mirant  Canada  Facility) in the
            amount of approximately $46.3 million.

     On February 23, 2004, the Company entered into an amendment to our existing
senior credit agreement  providing for two revolving credit facilities and a new
non-revolving credit facility as described below. Subject to earlier termination
on the occurrence of events of default or other events, the stated maturity date
for these  credit  facilities  is  February  1,  2007.  In the event of an early
termination,  we will be required  to pay a  prepayment  premium,  except in the
limited circumstances described in the amended senior credit agreement.

     First Revolving  Credit  Facility.  Lenders under the amended senior credit
agreement  have  provided  Abraxas a revolving  credit  facility  with a maximum
borrowing base of up to $20 million.  The Company's current borrowing base under
this revolving credit facility is the full $20.0 million, subject to adjustments
based on periodic calculations and mandatory prepayments under the senior credit
agreement.  The Company has borrowed  $6.6 million under this  revolving  credit
facility,  which was used to refinance  principal and interest on advances under
it's preexisting  revolving  credit facility under the senior credit  agreement,
and to pay certain fees and expenses  relating to the  transaction.  Outstanding
amounts  under this  revolving  credit  facility bear interest at the prime rate
announced by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. plus 1.125%.

     Second Revolving  Credit Facility.  Lenders under the amended senior credit
agreement  have  provided a second  revolving  credit  facility,  with a maximum
borrowing of up to $30 million. This revolving credit facility is not subject to
a borrowing  base.  The Company has borrowed  $30.0 million under this revolving
credit facility,  which was used to refinance principal and interest on advances
under our preexisting revolving credit facility,  and to pay certain transaction
fees and expenses. Outstanding amounts under this revolving credit facility bear
interest at the prime rate announced by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. plus 3.00%.

     Non-Revolving  Credit  Facility.  The Company has  borrowed  $15.0  million
pursuant  to a  non-revolving  credit  facility,  which  was used to  repay  the
preexisting term loan under it's senior credit agreement, to refinance principal
and interest on advances under the preexisting revolving credit facility, and to
pay certain transaction fees and expenses. This non-revolving credit facility is
not subject to a borrowing base.  Outstanding amounts under this credit facility
bear interest at the prime rate announced by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. plus 8.00%.

                                      F-17
<PAGE>

     Covenants.  Under the amended  senior credit  agreement,  we are subject to
customary  covenants and reporting  requirements.  Certain  financial  covenants
require us to maintain minimum ratios of consolidated  EBITDA (as defined in the
amended  senior credit  agreement) to adjusted  fixed  charges  (which  includes
certain capital  expenditures),  minimum ratios of  consolidated  EBITDA to cash
interest  expense,  a minimum level of  unrestricted  cash and revolving  credit
availability,   minimum  hydrocarbon   production  volumes  and  minimum  proved
developed  hydrocarbon  reserves.  In addition,  if on the day before the end of
each  fiscal  quarter  the  aggregate  amount  of our cash and cash  equivalents
exceeds  $2.0  million,  we are  required  to repay the loans  under the amended
senior credit  agreement in an amount equal to such excess.  The amended  senior
credit  agreement also requires us to enter into hedging  agreements on not less
than 40% or more than 75% of our projected oil and gas  production.  We are also
required to establish deposit accounts at financial  institutions  acceptable to
the lenders and we are  required to direct our  customers  to make all  payments
into these  accounts.  The amounts in these  accounts will be transferred to the
lenders upon the  occurrence  and during the  continuance of an event of default
under the amended senior credit agreement.

     In addition to the foregoing  and other  customary  covenants,  the amended
senior credit agreement contains a number of covenants that, among other things,
restrict our ability to:

        o   incur additional indebtedness;

        o   create or permit to be created liens on any of our properties;

        o   enter into change of control transactions;

        o   dispose of our assets;

        o   change our name or the nature of our business;

        o   make guarantees with respect to the obligations of third parties;

        o   enter into forward sales contracts;

        o   make  payments  in  connection  with  distributions,   dividends  or
            redemptions relating to our outstanding securities, or

        o   make investments or incur liabilities.

     Security.  The  obligations  of Abraxas  under the  amended  senior  credit
agreement  continue  to  be  secured  by  a  first  lien  security  interest  in
substantially  all of Abraxas'  assets,  including all crude oil and natural gas
properties.

     Guarantees.  The  obligations  of Abraxas  under the amended  senior credit
agreement continue to be guaranteed by Abraxas' subsidiaries,  Sandia Oil & Gas,
Sandia Operating,  Wamsutter,  Grey Wolf, Western Associated Energy and Eastside
Coal. The guarantees  under the amended senior credit  agreement  continue to be
secured  by  a  first  lien  security  interest  in  substantially  all  of  the
guarantors' assets, including all crude oil and natural gas properties.

     Events of Default.  The amended senior credit agreement  contains customary
events of default, including nonpayment of principal or interest,  violations of
covenants,  inaccuracy of representations or warranties in any material respect,
cross default and cross acceleration to certain other indebtedness,  bankruptcy,
material  judgments and liabilities,  change of control and any material adverse
change in our financial condition.

     The following  presents the summarized  results of operations for the years
ended  December 31, 2001,  2002,  and for the period ended January 23, 2003, for
the Canadian properties which were not retained after the transaction in January
2003.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                       Year ended December 31,
                                                    2001        2002        2003
                                                  --------    --------    --------
<S>                                               <C>         <C>         <C>
Total revenue .................................   $ 41,468    $ 32,013    $  3,275
                                                  ========    ========    ========
Income (loss) from operations before income tax       (102)    (87,378)      1,250
Income tax expense (benefit) ..................      1,897     (29,697)        377
Minority interest in income ...................     (1,676)       --          --
                                                  --------    --------    --------
Income (loss) from operations .................   $ (3,675)   $(57,681)   $    873
                                                  ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>

                                      F-18
<PAGE>

         Assets and liabilities related to the Canadian properties which were
         not retained after the January 2003 transaction:
                                                             December 31,
                                                                2002
                                                              --------
         Assets:
         Cash............................................     $  4,325
         Accounts receivable.............................        4,016
         Net property and equipment......................       54,468
         Other...........................................       11,438
                                                              --------
                                                              $ 74,247
                                                              --------
         Liabilities:
         Accounts payable and accrued liabilities........     $  7,320
         Long-tern debt..................................       45,964
         Other...........................................        3,413
                                                              --------
                                                              $ 56,697
                                                              --------

     Included in the loss from  operations  shown  above is interest  expense of
$7.6 million and $9.5 million,  and general and  administrative  expense of $1.5
million  and $1.7  million  for the  years  ended  December  31,  2001 and 2002,
respectively.  The interest  expense  represents the amounts  relating to an Old
Grey Wolf  senior  credit  facility  which was  repaid in  conjunction  with the
transactions  described  above and the amounts related to the balance of certain
notes  (approximately  $52.6 million) which had  historically  been reflected by
Canadian Abraxas.

3. Long-Term Debt

     As described in Note 2, the First Lien Notes were redeemed in January 2003.
The Old Notes and the Second Lien Notes were either  redeemed or  exchanged  for
cash, common stock and New Notes in January 2003. Additionally,  the 9.5% Mirant
Canada Energy  Capital,  Ltd.  credit  facility,  with a balance  outstanding at
December 31, 2002 of $45.9  million,  was repaid in connection  with the sale of
the common stock of Old Grey Wolf in January 2003.

The following is a brief description of the Company's debt as of December 31,
2002 and 2003, respectively:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                December 31
                                                                      --------------------------------
                                                                            2002            2003
                                                                      --------------------------------
                                                                              (in thousands)
<S>                                                                      <C>             <C>
  11.5% Senior Notes due 2004 ("Old Notes") .........................    $       801     $      -
  12.875% Senior Secured Notes due 2003 ("First Lien Notes") ........         63,500            -
  11.5% Second Lien Notes due 2004 ("Second Lien Notes").............        190,178            -
  9.5% Senior Credit Facility ("Grey Wolf Facility") providing for
       borrowings up to approximately US $96 million (CDN $150
       million).  Secured by the assets of Old Grey Wolf and
       non-recourse to Abraxas.......................................         45,964            -
  11.5% Secured Notes due 2007 ("New Notes").........................              -        137,258 (a)
  Senior Credit Agreement ...........................................              -         47,391
                                                                      ---------------------------------
                                                                             300,443        184,649
  Less current maturities ...........................................         63,500              -
                                                                      ---------------------------------
                                                                         $   236,943      $ 184,649
                                                                      =================================
</TABLE>

(a)  After  the  transactions  described  in Note  2,  for  financial  reporting
purposes,  the New Notes were reflected at the carrying value of the Second Lien
Notes and Old Notes  prior to the  exchange of $191.0  million,  net of the cash
offered  in the  exchange  of $47.5  million  and net of the fair  market  value
related to equity of $3.8 million offered in the exchange transaction.  The face
amount of the New Notes is $120.5 million at December 31, 2003  including  $10.8
million in new notes issued for interest.

     Old Notes.  Interest on the Old Notes was payable  semi-annually in arrears
on May 1 and  November  1 of each year at the rate of 11.5% per  annum.  The Old
Notes were redeemable, in whole or in part, at the option of the Company.

     First  Lien   Notes.   Interest   on  the  First  Lien  Notes  was  payable
semi-annually  in arrears on March 15 and  September 15 of each year at the rate
of 12.875% per annum.

     Second  Lien  Notes.   Interest  on  the  Second  Lien  Notes  was  payable
semi-annually  in arrears on May 1 and November 1, commencing May 1, 2000 at the
rate of 11.5% per annum.

                                      F-19
<PAGE>

     New Notes - 11 1/2% Secured Notes.  The New Notes accrue  interest from the
date  of  issuance,  at a  fixed  annual  rate  of  11  1/2%,  payable  in  cash
semi-annually  on each May 1 and November 1,  commencing  May 1, 2003,  provided
that, if we fail, or are not permitted pursuant to our new senior secured credit
agreement or the intercreditor agreement between the trustee under the indenture
for the New Notes and the lenders under the new senior secured credit agreement,
to make such cash interest payments in full, we will pay such unpaid interest in
kind by the issuance of  additional  New Notes with a principal  amount equal to
the  amount of  accrued  and  unpaid  cash  interest  on the New  Notes  plus an
additional  1% accrued  interest  for the  applicable  period.  Upon an event of
default, the New Notes accrue interest at an annual rate of 16.5%.

     The New Notes are  secured by a second lien or charge on all of our current
and  future  assets,  including,  but not  limited  to, all of our crude oil and
natural gas properties. All of Abraxas' current subsidiaries,  Sandia Oil & Gas,
Sandia Operating (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sandia Oil & Gas), Wamsutter, New
Grey Wolf,  Western  Associated  Energy and Eastside Coal, are guarantors of the
New Notes, and all of Abraxas' future subsidiaries will guarantee the New Notes.
If  Abraxas  cannot  make  payments  on the New  Notes  when  they are due,  the
guarantors must make them instead.

         The New Notes and related guarantees

        o   are  subordinated  to  the  indebtedness  under  the  senior  credit
            agreement;

        o   rank  equally  with  all  of  Abraxas'  current  and  future  senior
            indebtedness; and

        o   rank  senior to all of  Abraxas'  current  and  future  subordinated
            indebtedness, in each case, if any.

The New Notes are  subordinated  to  amounts  outstanding  under the new  senior
secured  credit  agreement  both in right of  payment  and with  respect to lien
priority and are subject to an intercreditor agreement.

     Abraxas may redeem the New Notes, at its option, in whole at any time or in
part from time to time, at redemption  prices  expressed as  percentages  of the
principal  amount set forth below.  If Abraxas  redeems all or any New Notes, it
must also pay all interest accrued and unpaid to the applicable redemption date.
The redemption prices for the New Notes during the indicated time periods are as
follows:

Period                                                             Percentage

From January 24, 2004 to June 23, 2004................................97.1674%
From June 24, 2004 to January 23, 2005................................98.5837%
Thereafter...........................................................100.0000%


     Under the indenture,  we are subject to customary  covenants  which,  among
other things, restrict our ability to:

        o...borrow money or issue preferred stock;

        o   pay dividends on stock or purchase stock;

        o   make other asset transfers;

        o   transact business with affiliates;

        o   sell stock of subsidiaries;

        o   engage in any new line of business;

        o   impair the security interest in any collateral for the notes;

        o   use assets as security in other transactions; and

        o   sell certain assets or merge with or into other companies.

In addition,  we are subject to certain financial  covenants including covenants
limiting  our  selling,   general  and   administrative   expenses  and  capital
expenditures,  a covenant  requiring  Abraxas to maintain a  specified  ratio of
consolidated  EBITDA,  as  defined in the  agreements,  to cash  interest  and a
covenant  requiring Abraxas to permanently,  to the extent  permitted,  pay down
debt under the new senior secured credit  agreement and, to the extent permitted
by the new senior secured credit agreement,  the New Notes or, if not permitted,
paying indebtedness under the new senior secured credit agreement.

                                      F-20
<PAGE>

    The indenture contains customary events of default, including nonpayment of
principal or interest, violations of covenants, inaccuracy of representations or
warranties in any material respect, cross default and cross acceleration to
certain other indebtedness, bankruptcy, material judgments and liabilities,
change of control and any material adverse change in our financial condition.

         Senior Credit Agreement. In connection with the financial
restructuring, Abraxas entered into a new senior credit agreement providing a
term loan facility and a revolving credit facility which was amended in February
2004. A summary description of the senior credit agreement as amended, is set
forth in Note 2.

4. Acquisitions and Divestitures

Acquisition of Minority Interest in Old Grey Wolf

     In September  2001,  the Company  completed a tender offer for the minority
interest in Old Grey Wolf, acquiring the approximately 52% of capital stock that
was not previously  owned by the Company.  The Company issued  3,990,565  common
shares and 588,916 stock options, valued together at approximately $9.2 million.
Additionally,  the Company incurred direct costs of  approximately  $2.7 million
related to the acquisition.  The elimination of the minority interest through an
acquisition  at a  purchase  price less than Old Grey  Wolf's  book value in the
Company's  consolidated  financial  statements  had the effect of  reducing  the
property and other assets  balances by $2.9 million and deferred income taxes by
$1.1 million.

5. Property and Equipment

     The major components of property and equipment, at cost, are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         Estimated                 December 31
                                                                        ----------------------------------
                                                        Useful Life          2002              2003
                                                      ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
                                                           Years                 (In thousands)
<S>                                                          <C>           <C>              <C>
    Land, buildings, and improvements ..............         15            $       331      $       331
    Crude oil and natural gas properties ...........          -                529,047          329,526
    Natural Gas Processing..........................         18                 38,735                -
    Equipment and other ............................          7                  5,123            4,209
                                                                        ---------------- -----------------
                                                                           $   573,236      $   334,066
                                                                        ================ =================
</TABLE>

6.  Stockholders' Equity

Common Stock

     In 1994,  the Board of Directors  adopted a  Stockholders'  Rights Plan and
declared a dividend of one Common Stock Purchase Right ("Rights") for each share
of common stock. The Rights are not initially exercisable.  Subject to the Board
of Directors'  option to extend the period,  the Rights will become  exercisable
and will  detach  from the  common  stock ten days after any person has become a
beneficial owner of 20% or more of the common stock of the Company or has made a
tender offer or Exchange Offer (other than certain qualifying offers) for 20% or
more of the common stock of the Company.

     Once the Rights become exercisable,  each Right entitles the holder,  other
than the  acquiring  person,  to  purchase  for $40 a number  of  shares  of the
Company's  common stock  having a market value of two times the purchase  price.
The  Company  may redeem  the  Rights at any time for $.01 per Right  prior to a
specified  period of time after a tender or  Exchange  Offer.  The  Rights  will
expire in November 2004, unless earlier exchanged or redeemed.

Treasury Stock

     In March 1996,  the Board of Directors  authorized the purchase in the open
market of up to 500,000 shares of the Company's  outstanding  common stock,  the
aggregate  purchase  price  not to  exceed  $3,500,000.  During  the year  ended
December  31,  2000,  38,800  shares  with an  aggregate  cost of  $78,000  were
purchased.  During the years ended December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003, the Company
did not purchase any shares of its common stock for treasury stock.

                                      F-21
<PAGE>

7.  Stock Option Plans and Warrants

Stock Options

     The Company grants options to its officers,  directors, and other employees
under various stock option and incentive plans.

     During  2001,  the  Company's  stockholders  approved an  amendment  to the
Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  1994 Long Term  Incentive  Plan to increase the
number of shares of Abraxas common stock reserved for issuance under the plan to
5,000,000 shares.  The additional shares were necessary to accommodate the grant
of  Abraxas  options to Old Grey Wolf  option  holders  in  connection  with the
acquisition  of the minority  interest in Old Grey Wolf in  September  2001 (see
Note 4),  and for the  re-issuance  of  outstanding  options  granted  under the
Abraxas  Petroleum   Corporation  2000  Long  Term  Incentive  Plan,  which  was
terminated in 2001.  The options were  re-issued at the same exercise  price and
term as the original issuances.

     The  Company's  various  stock  option plans have  authorized  the grant of
options to  management,  employees  and directors  for up to  approximately  5.7
million shares of the Company's  common stock. All options granted have ten year
terms  and  vest and  become  fully  exercisable  over  three  to four  years of
continued  service at 25% to 33% on each anniversary  date. At December 31, 2003
approximately 2.3 million options remain available for grant.

         A summary of the Company's stock option activity, and related
information for the three years ended December 31, follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                       2001                           2002                           2003
                           -----------------------------  -----------------------------  -----------------------------
                                      Weighted-Average               Weighted-Average               Weighted-Average
                            Options    Exercise Price      Options    Exercise Price     Options     Exercise Price
                            (000s)                         (000s)           (1)           (000s)
                           ---------- ------------------  ---------- ------------------  ---------  ------------------

Outstanding-beginning of
<S>                           <C>         <C>                <C>         <C>                <C>       <C>
   year ...................   4,042       $    3.37          4,942       $    3.28          3,305     $      1.85
Granted ...................     918            2.81            521            0.68            360            0.68
Exercised .................      (8)           1.95              -              -            (129)           0.66
Forfeited/Expired .........     (10)           1.79         (2,158)           4.84           (172)           1.61
                           ----------                     ----------                     ---------

Outstanding-end of year ...   4,942       $    3.28          3,305       $    1.85          3,364     $      0.90
                           ==========                     ==========                     =========

Exercisable at end of year    2,259       $    2.65          2,136       $    1.91          2,331     $      0.95
                           ==========                     ==========                     =========

Weighted-average fair
   value of options
   granted during the year                  $  1.19                      $    0.63                    $      0.38
</TABLE>

------------------

(1)       In September 2001, the Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  2000 Long Term
          Incentive Plan was terminated, and options granted under the plan were
          reissued  under  the  Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  1994  Long Term
          Incentive Plan at the same option price and term.

     The following table  represents the range of option prices and the weighted
average remaining life of outstanding options as of December 31, 2003:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                             Options outstanding                                 Exercisable
                                -----------------------------------------------     --------------------------------------
                                     Weighted Weighted
                                                      average        average
                                     Number          remaining      exercise            Number         Weighted average
             Exercise price        outstanding          life          price           exercisable       exercise price
           --------------------- ------------------ --------------- ------------     ---------------- ---------------------
<S>           <C>                     <C>               <C>        <C>                  <C>          <C>
              $0.50 - 0.97            2,761,160         6.0        $     0.71           1,886,043    $         0.69
              $1.01 - 1.63              259,900         7.8              1.22             123,050              1.40
              $2.06 - 2.21              311,958         2.1              2.07             305,979              2.06
              $3.39 - 4.83               31,407         6.9              4.77              16,406              4.71
</TABLE>

                                      F-22
<PAGE>

     In January 2003, in connection with the financial  restructuring  discussed
in Note 2,  approximately  1.9 million  options with a strike price greater that
$0.66 were re-priced to $0.66.

Stock Awards

     In addition to stock options granted under the plans described  above,  the
1994   Long-Term   Incentive  Plan  also  provides  for  the  right  to  receive
compensation in cash,  awards of common stock, or a combination  thereof.  There
were no awards in 2001, 2002 or 2003.

     The Company also has adopted the Restricted  Share Plan for Directors which
provides for awards of common stock to non-employee directors of the Company who
did  not,  within  the  year  immediately  preceding  the  determination  of the
director's  eligibility,  receive any award under any other plan of the Company.
There were no direct awards of common stock in 2001, 2002 or 2003.

Stock Warrants

     In  2000,  the  Company  issued  950,000  warrants  in  conjunction  with a
consulting  agreement.  Each is exercisable  for one share of common stock at an
exercise  price of  $3.50  per  share.  These  warrants  have a  four-year  term
beginning July 1, 2000. The Company paid cash  compensation  of $191,000  during
2001 under the consulting agreement.

     At December  31, 2003,  the Company has  approximately  3.3 million  shares
reserved for future issuance for conversion of its stock options,  warrants, and
incentive plans for the Company's directors, employees and consultants.

8.  Income Taxes

     Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary  differences
between the carrying  amounts of assets and liabilities for financial  reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of
the Company's deferred tax liabilities and assets are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                       December 31
                                                                                ---------------------------
                                                                                    2002          2003
                                                                                ------------- -------------
                                                                                      (In thousands)
     Deferred tax liabilities:
<S>                                                                               <C>           <C>
       U.S. full cost pool .....................................................  $      -      $  4,835
                                                                                ------------- -------------
     Total deferred tax liabilities ............................................         -         4,835
     Deferred tax assets:
       U.S. full cost pool......................................................     2,168             -
       Capital loss carryforward................................................         -        12,895
       Original issue discount on certain debt obligations......................         -        22,453
       Canadian full cost pool..................................................     9,787         2,971
       Depletion ...............................................................     2,778         4,856
       Net operating losses  ("NOL")............................................    58,811        35,218
       Investment in foreign subsidiaries.......................................    32,038             -
       Other ...................................................................     1,364         2,575
                                                                                ------------- -------------
     Total deferred tax assets .................................................   106,946        80,968
     Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ...............................   (99,126)      (76,133)
                                                                                ------------- -------------
     Net deferred tax assets ...................................................     7,820         4,835
                                                                                ------------- -------------
     Net deferred tax liabilities (assets) .....................................  $ (7,820)     $      -
                                                                                ============= =============
</TABLE>

         Significant components of the provision (benefit) for income taxes are
as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                            2001          2002         2003
                                                                        -----------------------------------------
     Current:
<S>                                                                       <C>           <C>          <C>
       Federal..........................................................  $    505      $      -     $      -
       Foreign .........................................................        -              -            -
                                                                         ----------------------------------------
                                                                          $    505      $      -     $      -
                                                                        =========================================
</TABLE>


                                      F-23
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

     Deferred:
<S>                                                                       <C>            <C>          <C>
       Federal .........................................................  $     -        $     -      $     -
       Foreign .........................................................     1,897         26,697         377
                                                                        -----------------------------------------
                                                                            $1,897       $ 26,697        $377
                                                                        =========================================
</TABLE>

     At December 31, 2003 the Company had,  subject to the limitation  discussed
below, $100.6 million of net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. tax purposes.
These loss carryforwards will expire from 2003 through 2022 if not utilized.  In
connection  with the January 2003  transactions  described in Note 2, certain of
the loss carryforward may be utilized.

     At December 31, 2002, the Company was no longer permanently reinvested with
respect  to its  foreign  subsidiaries,  see Note 2. As a  result,  the  Company
recorded net deferred tax assets of $32.0 million  related to its  investment in
foreign  subsidiaries,  offset  by an  equivalent  valuation  allowance  due  to
uncertainties as to the future utilization of these amounts.

     In addition to the Section 382 limitations,  uncertainties  exist as to the
future  utilization of the operating loss  carryforwards  under the criteria set
forth under FASB  Statement No. 109.  Therefore,  the Company has  established a
valuation  allowance of $99.1  million and $71.3 million for deferred tax assets
at December 31, 2002 and 2003, respectively.  , The reconciliation of income tax
computed at the U.S. federal statutory tax rates to income tax expense is:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                           December 31
                                               ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        2001                  2002                   2003
                                               -------------------------------------------- ------------------------
                                                                          (In thousands)
<S>                                                <C>                    <C>                   <C>
     Tax (expense) benefit at U.S.
       statutory rates (35%) ..............        $       5,318          $      51,878         $     (19,842)
     (Increase) decrease in deferred tax
       asset valuation allowance ..........               (4,907)               (59,456)               22,993
     Write-down of non-tax basis assets....               (2,194)                (7,009)                    -
     Higher effective rate of foreign
       operations..........................                 (136)                 7,349                (2,835)
     Percentage depletion .................                  596                    683                     -
      Investment in foreign subsidiaries ..                    -                 35,604                     -
     Other ................................               (1,079)                   648                  (693)
                                               -------------------------------------------- ------------------------
                                                   $      (2,402)         $      29,697         $        (377)
                                               ============================================ ========================
</TABLE>

9. Related Party Transactions

     Accounts receivable - Other includes  approximately  $51,211 and $35,558 as
of  December  31,  2002 and 2003,  respectively,  representing  amounts due from
officers relating to advances made to employees.

     On July 29,  2003 the  Company  acquired  all of the shares of the  capital
stock of Wind River  Resources  Corporation  which owned an  airplane.  The sole
shareholder of Wind River was the Company's President. The consideration for the
purchase  was  106,977  shares of  Abraxas  common  stock and  $35,000  in cash.
Simultaneously  with this  transaction,  the airplane was sold. The airplane had
previously been made available to Abraxas' employees for business use.

     The Company paid Wind River a total of  $314,000,  $345,000 and $132,000 in
2001, 2002 and 2003, through July 29,  respectively,  for Wind River's operating
cost associated with the Company's use of the plane.

10.  Commitments and Contingencies

Operating Leases

     During  the  years  ended  December  31,  2001,  2002 and 2003 the  Company
incurred rent expense  related to leasing  office  facilities  of  approximately
$519,000, $236,000 and $464,000 respectively. Future minimum rental payments are
as follows at December 31, 2003.

     2004.............................................   $    416,000
     2005.............................................        412,000


                                      F-24
<PAGE>

     2006.............................................        223,000
     2007.............................................        161,000
     Thereafter.......................................        161,000
                                                       ------------------
                                                        $   1,373,000
                                                       ==================

Litigation and Contingencies

     In 2001 the Company and a partnership were named in a lawsuit filed in U.S.
District Court in the District of Wyoming. The claim asserts breach of contract,
fraud  and   negligent   misrepresentation   by  the  Company   related  to  the
responsibility  for year  2000 ad  valorem  taxes on crude oil and  natural  gas
properties sold by the Company and the Partnership.  In February 2002, a summary
judgment was granted to the plaintiff in this matter and a final judgment in the
amount of $1.3 million was entered. The Company has filed an appeal. The Company
believes these charges are without merit.  The Company has established a reserve
in the amount of  $845,000,  which  represents  the  Company's  interest  in the
judgment.  In 2002 the Company recorded  $201,000 in other expense  representing
its share of the ongoing legal cost related to this matter.

     In 2003,  Abraxas and Leam  Drilling  Systems  each filed suit  against the
other  relating to certain  drilling  services  that Leam  contracted to provide
Abraxas. Abraxas believes that the services were provided in a grossly negligent
manner and that Leam committed  fraud.  Leam has asserted that Abraxas failed to
pay approximately $639,000 for services rendered. The cases are pending in Bexar
County and Ward County, Texas.

     Additionally,  from time to time,  the Company is  involved  in  litigation
relating  to  claims  arising  out of its  operations  in the  normal  course of
business.  At  December  31,  2003,  the  Company  was not  engaged in any legal
proceedings  that are  expected,  individually  or in the  aggregate,  to have a
material adverse effect on the Company.

11. Earnings per Share

     Basic earnings  (loss) per share excludes any dilutive  effects of options,
warrants and  convertible  securities and is computed by dividing  income (loss)
available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding  for the  period.  Diluted  earnings  (loss) per share are  computed
similar to basic,  however  diluted  earnings  per share  reflects  the  assumed
conversion of all potentially dilutive securities.

    The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings
per share:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              2001               2002              2003
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------
Numerator:
     Net income (loss) before effect of accounting
<S>                                                     <C>                 <C>              <C>
       change ......................................... $  (19,718,000)    $ (118,527,000)     $ 56,315,000
     Cumulative  effect of accounting change...........              -                  -          (395,000)
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------
                                                         $ (19,718,000)    $ (118,527,000)       55,920,000
Denominator:
     Denominator for basic earnings per share -
       weighted-average shares ........................     25,788,571         29,979,397        35,364,363
     Effect of dilutive securities:
       Stock options and  warrants.....................              -                  -           711,928
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------

     Dilutive potential common shares Denominator for diluted earnings per share
       - adjusted weighted-average shares and assumed
       conversions.....................................     25,788,571         29,979,397        36,076,291
                                                       ========================================================

   Basic earnings (loss) per share:
     Net income (loss) before cumulative effect of
     accounting change................................e  $       (0.76)    $        (3.95)       $     1.59
     Cumulative effect of accounting change..........               -                  -              (0.01)
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------


                                      F-25
<PAGE>

   Net income (loss) per common share................   $        (0.76)    $       (3.95)       $      1.58
                                                       ========================================================
   Diluted earnings (loss) per share:
     Net income (loss) before cumulative effect of
     accounting change................................e  $        (0.76)   $       (3.95)       $      1.56
     Cumulative effect of accounting change..........               -                  -              (0.01)
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------
          Net income (loss) per common share - diluted. $        (0.76)    $       (3.95)       $      1.55
                                                       ========================================================
</TABLE>

     For the year ended  December 31,  2001and 2002,  4.3 million shares and 5.9
million  shares  respectively,  were  excluded from the  calculation  of diluted
earnings per share since their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive.

12  Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)

     Selected  results of operations for each of the fiscal  quarters during the
years ended December 31, 2002 and 2003 are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  1st              2nd               3rd              4th
                                                Quarter          Quarter           Quarter          Quarter
                                            ---------------- ----------------   --------------- ----------------
                                                           (In thousands, except per share data)
Year Ended December 31, 2002
<S>                                            <C>              <C>               <C>              <C>
   Net revenue...........................      $   11,807       $   14,235        $    11,061      $   17,217
   Operating income (loss)...............            (735)        (115,879)               490           5,221
   Net income (loss).....................          (8,699)         (95,690)            (8,438)         (5,700)
   Net income (loss) per common share -
     basic and diluted...................      $    (0.29)      $    (3.19)       $     (0.28)     $    (0.19)
Year Ended December 31, 2003
   Net revenue...........................      $   13,111       $    8,430        $     8,430      $    9,048
   Operating income (loss)...............           5,646            1,927              2,694           1,275
   Net income (loss).....................          62,702           (2,346)            (2,702)         (1,734)
   Net income (loss) per common share -
     basic...............................      $     1.83       $    (0.07)       $     (0.08)     $    (0.05)
   Net income (loss) per common share -
     diluted.............................      $     1.82       $    (0.07)       $     (0.08)     $    (0.05)
</TABLE>

     During  the  second  quarter  of  2002,  the  Company  incurred  a  ceiling
limitation write-down of approximately $116.0 million.

13.  Benefit Plans

     The Company has a defined  contribution plan (401(k)) covering all eligible
employees of the Company.  The Company did not contribute to the plan in 2002 or
2003. The employee  contribution  limitations are determined by formulas,  which
limit the upper  one-third of the plan members  from  contributing  amounts that
would cause the plan to be top-heavy.  The employee  contribution  is limited to
the lesser of 20% of the employee's  annual  compensation or $11,000 in 2002 and
$12,000 in 2003.

14.  Guarantor Condensed Consolidation Financial Statements

     The following  table  presents  condensed  consolidating  balance sheets of
Abraxas, as a parent company, and its significant subsidiaries, Canadian Abraxas
and  Old  Grey  Wolf,  as  of  December  31,  2002  and  2003  and  the  related
consolidating  statements  of  operations  and cash  flows for the  years  ended
December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003.  Canadian Abraxas was a guarantor of the First
Lien Notes ($63.5 million) and jointly and severally liable with Abraxas for the
Second Lien Notes ($190.2 million) and the Old Notes  ($801,000).  Old Grey Wolf
was a non-guarantor with respect to the First Lien Notes and the Old Notes.

     The First Lien Notes and the Second Lien Notes were  retired in  connection
with the financial  restructuring  transactions  which occurred in January 2003.
New Grey  Wolf is a  guarantor  of the New  Notes,  there  are no  non-guarantor
subsidiaries, accordingly, condensed consolidating balance sheets of Abraxas, as
parent and its  subsidiary  New Grey Wolf are  presented as of December 31, 2003
and the related  consolidating  statements of operations  and cash flows for the
year ended December 31, 2003.

                                      F-26
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
               Condensed Consolidating Parent Company and Subsidiaries Balance Sheet
                                                December 31, 2003
                                                  (In thousands)


                                                      Abraxas                                         Abraxas
                                                     Petroleum                   Reclassifi-cations  Petroleum
                                                    Corporation     Subsidiary         and        Corporation and
                                                    Inc. Parent     (New Grey     eliminations     Subsidiaries
                                                     Company(1)       Wolf)
                                                   ----------------------------------------------------------------
Assets:
<S>                                                   <C>          <C>            <C>               <C>
   Cash ....................................          $      -     $       493    $         -       $         493
   Accounts receivable, less allowance for
     doubtful accounts......................            14,101             903          (6,681)             8,323
   Equipment inventory .....................               782               -              -                 782
   Other current assets ....................               418             154              -                 572
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------
          Total current assets..............            15,301           1,550          (6,681)            10,170
Property and equipment - net................            76,021          35,542              -             111,563
Deferred financing fees, net  ..............             4,410               -              -               4,410
Deferred income taxes and other assets .....            27,551               -         (27,257)               294
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------
   Total assets ............................       $   123,283     $    37,092    $    (33,938)     $     126,437
                                                   =================================================================
Liabilities and Stockholders' deficit:
Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable .............................  $     7,075     $     8,652    $     (6,681)     $       9,046
   Accrued interest .............................        2,340               -              -               2,340
   Other accrued expenses .......................        1,228               -              -               1,228
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------
     Total current liabilities...................       10,643           8,652          (6,681)            12,614
Long-term debt ..................................      184,649               -              -             184,649
Future site restoration  ........................          776             601              -               1,377
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       196,068           9,253          (6,681)           198,640
Stockholders' equity (deficit)...................      (72,785)         27,839         (27,257)           (72,203)
                                                    -----------------------------------------------------------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity
(deficit)........................................  $   123,283     $    37,092    $    (33,938)     $     126,437
                                                   =================================================================
</TABLE>
         (1)    Includes amounts for insignificant U.S. subsidiaries, Sandia Oil
                and Gas, Sandia Operating, Western Energy Associates, East Side
                Coal and Wamsutter, which are guarantors of the New Notes.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                Condensed Consolidating Parent Company, Restricted Subsidiaries and Non-Guarantor Balance Sheet
                                                       December 31, 2002
                                                        (In thousands)

                                                      Abraxas                    Non-Guarantor                     Abraxas
                                                     Petroleum      Restricted    Subsidiary   Reclassifi-        Petroleum
                                                     Corporation    Subsidiary     (Old Grey   cations and     Corporation and
                                                     Inc. Parent   (Canadian          Wolf)    eliminations      Subsidiaries
                                                      Company(2)    Abraxas)
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Assets:
Current assets:
<S>                                                   <C>          <C>               <C>        <C>                  <C>
   Cash ....................................          $    557     $     2,188       $   2,137  $         -          $  4,882
   Accounts receivable, less allowance for
     doubtful accounts......................             4,482           4,782          11,938      (11,157)           10,045
   Equipment inventory .....................               860             142              12             -            1,014
   Other current assets ....................               316             682             242             -            1,240
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total current assets..............             6,215           7,794          14,329      (11,157)           17,181


                                      F-27
<PAGE>

Property and equipment - net................            74,435          38,858          37,101             -          150,394
Deferred financing fees, net  ..............             2,970             688           2,013             -            5,671
Deferred income taxes and other assets .....           108,558                           7,820     (108,199)            8,179
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total assets ............................       $   192,178         $47,340         $61,263  $  (119,199)         $181,425
                                                   =============================================================================
Liabilities and Stockholders' deficit:
Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable .............................  $    15,928     $       766       $   6,398    $  (10,973)     $   12,119
   Accrued interest .............................        5,000           1,009             -               -           6,009
   Other accrued expenses .......................        1,162               -             -               -           1,162
   Current maturities of long-term debt .........       63,500               -             -               -          63,500
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total current liabilities...................       85,590           1,775         6,398         (10,973)         82,790
Long-term debt ..................................      138,350          52,629        45,964               -         236,943
Future site restoration  ........................            -           3,171           775               -           3,946
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       223,940          57,575        53,137         (10,973)        323,679
Stockholders' equity (deficit)...................      (31,762)        (10,235)        8,126        (108,383)       (142,254)
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity
(deficit)........................................  $ 192,178       $    47,340    $     61,263 $    (119,356)  $     181,425
                                                   =============================================================================
</TABLE>

(2)               Includes amounts for insignificant U.S. subsidiaries, Sandia
                  Oil and Gas, Sandia Operating, Western Energy Associates, East
                  Side Coal and Wamsutter, which are guarantors of the First and
                  Second Lien Notes. Sandia is also a guarantor of the Old
                  Notes. Additionally, these subsidiaries are designated as
                  Restricted Subsidiaries along with Canadian Abraxas.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                 Condensed Consolidating Parent Company and Subsidiary Statement of Operations
                                     For the year ended December 31, 2003
                                                (In thousands)

                                                      Abraxas                                        Abraxas
                                                     Petroleum                    Reclassifi-        Petroleum
                                                    Corporation     Subsidiary      cation           Corporation
                                                    Inc. Parent     (New Grey        and                and
                                                     Company(1)       Wolf)        eliminations    Subsidiaries
                                                   ------------------------------ ------------------------------
Revenues:
<S>                                                   <C>            <C>          <C>             <C>
   Oil and gas production revenues ...............    $    29,710    $    8,395    $         -     $   38,105
   Gas processing revenues........................             -            133              -            133
   Rig revenues ..................................            663            -               -            663
   Other  ........................................              7           111              -            118
                                                   ------------------------------ ------------------------------
                                                           30,380         8,639             -          39,019
Operating costs and expenses:
   Lease operating and production taxes ..........          8,342         1,257             -           9,599
   Depreciation, depletion, and amortization .....          7,608         3,195             -          10,803
   Rig operations ................................            609            -              -             609
   General and administrative ....................          3,995         1,365             -           5,360
   Stock-based compensation.......................          1,106            -              -           1,106
                                                   ------------------------------ ------------------------------
                                                           21,660         5,817             -          27,477
                                                   ------------------------------ ------------------------------
Operating income (loss)...........................          8,720         2,822             -          11,542

Other (income) expense:
   Interest income ...............................            (30)           -              -            (30)
   Amortization of deferred financing fees........          1,630            48             -           1,678
   Interest expense...............................         16,323           632             -          16,955
   Financing costs................................          4,406             -             -           4,406
   Gain on sale of foreign subsidiaries...........        (68,933)            -             -         (68,933)
   Other .........................................            100           674              -            774
                                                   ------------------------------ -----------------------------
                                                          (46,504)        1,354              -        (45,150)
                                                   ------------------------------ ------------------------------
Income (loss) before income tax and cumulative                                             -
   effect of accounting change....................         55,224         1,468                        56,692
Income tax expense (benefit)......................              -           377            -              377
Cumulative effect of accounting change............            395             -            -              395


                                      F-28
<PAGE>

                                                   ------------------------------ ------------------------------
Net  income (loss)................................    $    54,829   $     1,091     $      -      $    55,920
                                                   ============================== ==============================
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
           Condensed Consolidating Parent Company, Restricted Subsidiary and Non-Guarantor Statement of Operations
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2002
                                                       (In thousands)

                                                       Abraxas
                                                     Petroleum      Restricted   Non-Guarantor                     Abraxas
                                                     Corporation    Subsidiary   Subsidiary    Reclassifi-        Petroleum
                                                     Inc. Parent   (Canadian     (Old Grey     cations and     Corporation and
                                                      Company(2)    Abraxas)        Wolf)      eliminations      Subsidiaries
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Revenues:
<S>                                                    <C>           <C>            <C>        <C>                <C>
   Oil and gas production revenues ...............     $ 20,835      $  14,726      $ 15,301   $        -         $  50,862
   Gas processing revenues........................            -          1,955           465                          2,420
   Rig revenues ..................................          635              -             -            -               635
   Other  ........................................           71            152           180            -               403
                                                     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         21,541         16,833        15,946            -            54,320
Operating costs and expenses:
   Lease operating and production taxes ..........        7,639          3,751         3,850            -            15,240
   Depreciation, depletion, and amortization .....        9,194         10,633         6,712            -            26,539
   Proved property impairment ....................       28,178         60,501        27,314            -           115,993
   Rig operations ................................          567              -             -            -               567
   General and administrative ...................         4,045          1,312         1,527            -             6,884
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         49,623         76,197        39,403            -           165,223
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating income (loss)...........................      (28,082)       (59,364)      (23,457)           -          (110,903)

Other (income) expense:
   Interest income ...............................          (92)            -             -             -               (92)
   Amortization of deferred financing fees........        1,325            366           404            -             2,095
   Interest expense...............................       24,689          6,665         2,796            -            34,150
   Other .........................................        1,168             -              -            -             1,168
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         27,090          7,031         3,200            -            37,321
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before income tax ..................      (55,172)       (66,395)      (26,657)           -          (148,224)
Income tax expense (benefit)......................            -        (18,522)      (11,175)           -           (29,697)
                                                   ------------------------------ --------------------------------------------
Net  income (loss)................................   $  (55,172)  $    (47,873    $  (15,482)   $       -       $  (118,527)
                                                   ===========================================================================
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

           Condensed Consolidating Parent Company, Restricted Subsidiary and Non-Guarantor Statement of Operations
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2001
                                                       (In thousands)

                                                       Abraxas
                                                     Petroleum      Restricted   Non-Guarantor                     Abraxas
                                                     Corporation    Subsidiary   Subsidiary    Reclassifi-        Petroleum
                                                     Inc. Parent   (Canadian     (Old Grey     cations and     Corporation and
                                                      Company(2)    Abraxas)        Wolf)      eliminations      Subsidiaries
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Revenues:
<S>                                                   <C>            <C>          <C>            <C>               <C>
   Oil and gas production revenues ...............    $  34,934      $  24,308    $   13,959     $      -          $ 73,201
   Gas processing revenues .......................           -           2,008           430            -             2,438
   Rig revenues ..................................          756              -             -            -               756
   Other  ........................................           85            471           292            -               848
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         35,775         26,787        14,681            -            77,243
Operating costs and expenses:
   Lease operating and production taxes ..........        9,302          6,836         2,478            -            18,616
   Depreciation, depletion, and amortization .....       12,336         14,707         5,441            -            32,484
   Proved property impairment.....................            -          2,638             -            -             2,638

                                      F-29
<PAGE>

   Rig operations ................................          702              -             -            -               702
   General and administrative ....................        3,742          1,720           983            -             6,445
   General and administrative (Stock-based
     Compensation)................................       (2,767)             -             -            -            (2,767)
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         23,315         25,901         8,902            -            58,118
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating income (loss)...........................       12,460            886         5,779            -            19,125

Other (income) expense:
   Interest income ...............................       (1,242)            -             -        1,164               (78)
   Amortization of deferred financing fees........        1,907            361            -            -              2,268
   Interest expense...............................       25,086          7,117           484      (1,164)            31,523
   Other .........................................        1,052            -             -            -               1,052
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         26,803          7,478           484          -              34,765
                                                   ------------------------------ --------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before income tax ..................      (14,343)        (6,592)        5,295          -             (15,640)
Income tax expense (benefit)......................          505            (80)        1,977          -               2,402
Minority interest in income of consolidated
   foreign subsidiary.............................            -             -          1,676          -               1,676
                                                   ------------------------------ --------------------------------------------
Net  income (loss)................................   $  (14,848)  $     (6,512)     $  1,642   $      -       $     (19,718)
                                                   ============================== ============================================
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                       Condensed Consolidating Parent and Subsidiary Statement of Cash Flow
                                       For the year ended December 31, 2003
                                                  (In thousands)

                                                      Abraxas
                                                     Petroleum                      Reclassifi          Abraxas
                                                    Corporation     Subsidiary      -cations           Petroleum
                                                    Inc. Parent     (New Grey        and             Corporation and
                                                     Company(1)       Wolf)        eliminations       Subsidiaries
                                                   ----------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Activities
<S>                                                  <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>
Net income (loss) ...........................        $    54,829    $     1,091     $       -      $      55,920
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss)
   to net cash provided by operating
   activities:
     Gain on sale of foreign subsidiaries....            (68,933)             -             -            (68,933)
     Depreciation, depletion, and
       amortization .........................              7,608          3,195             -             10,803
     Non-cash interest and financing costs...             16,422              -             -             16,422
     Deferred income tax (benefit) expense...                               377             -                377
     Amortization of deferred financing fees.              1,630             48             -              1,678
     Stock-based compensation................              1,106              -             -              1,106
     Changes in operating assets and
       liabilities:
         Accounts receivable ................             (7,850)           394         6,010             (1,446)
         Equipment inventory ................                 78              -             -                 78
         Other  .............................                295              -             -                295
         Accounts payables and accrued
           expenses .........................              6,294          7,266        (6,010)             7,550
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by (used in)operations.....             11,479         12,371             -             23,850

Investing Activities
Capital expenditures, including purchases
   and development of properties ............             (9,194)        (9,155)            -            (18,349)
Proceeds from sale of foreign subsidiaries...             85,810              -             -             85,810
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided (used) by investing
   activities................................             76,616         (9,155)            -             67,461


                                      F-30
<PAGE>

Financing Activities
Proceeds from issuance of common stock.......                177              -             -                177
Proceeds from long-term borrowings...........             43,051            291             -             43,342
Payments on long-term borrowings ............           (131,283)        (7,261)            -           (138,544)
Deferred financing fees......................               (597)             -             -               (597)
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided  (used) by financing
   activities................................            (88,652)        (6,970)            -            (95,622)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash .....                  -            (78)            -                (78)
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------
Increase (decrease) in cash .................               (557)        (3,832)            -             (4,389)
Cash at beginning of year ...................                557          4,325             -              4,882
                                                   ----------------------------------------------------------------
Cash at end of year..........................         $        -     $      493    $        -      $         493
                                                   =================================================================
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 Condensed Consolidating Parent, Restricted Subsidiary and Non-Guarantor Statement of Cash Flow
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2002
                                                         (In thousands)

                                                       Abraxas
                                                     Petroleum      Restricted   Non-Guarantor                     Abraxas
                                                     Corporation    Subsidiary   Subsidiary    Reclassifi-        Petroleum
                                                     Inc. Parent   (Canadian     (Old Grey     cations and     Corporation and
                                                      Company(2)    Abraxas)        Wolf)      eliminations      Subsidiaries
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Activities
<S>                                                  <C>            <C>             <C>         <C>            <C>
Net income (loss) ...........................        $   (55,172)   $  (47,873)     $ (15,482)  $        -     $     (118,527)
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss)
   to net cash provided by operating
   activities:
     Depreciation, depletion, and
       amortization .........................              9,194         10,633         6,712            -             26,539
     Proved property impairment .............             28,178         60,501        27,314            -            115,993
     Deferred income tax (benefit) expense...                  -        (18,522)      (11,175)           -            (29,697)
     Amortization of deferred financing fees.              1,325            366           404            -              2,095
     Changes in operating assets and
       liabilities:
         Accounts receivable ................             18,088         (3,187)        1,114      (18,262)            (2,247)
         Equipment inventory ................                201              -             -            -                201
         Other  .............................                381           (177)          (78)           -                126
         Accounts payables and accrued
           expenses .........................                (47)           479        (3,251)           -             (2,819)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by (used in)operations.....              2,148          2,220         5,555      (18,262)            (8,336)

Investing Activities
Capital expenditures, including purchases
   and development of properties ............             (5,070)        (4,926)      (28,916)           -            (38,912)
Proceeds from sale of oil and gas
   properties................................              9,725         21,789         2,362            -             33,876
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided (used) by investing
   activities................................              4,655         16,863       (26,554)           -             (5,036)
Financing Activities
Proceeds from long-term borrowings...........                  -              -        20,551            -             20,551
Payments on long-term borrowings ............             (8,176)       (18,262)            -       18,262             (8,176)
Deferred financing fees......................             (1,663)           146           (22)           -             (1,539)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided  (used) by financing
   activities................................             (9,839)       (18,116)       20,529       18,262             10,836
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash .....                  -            (24)         (163)           -               (187)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Increase (decrease) in cash .................             (3,036)           943          (630)           -             (2,723)
Cash at beginning of year ...................              3,593          1,245         2,767            -              7,605
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash at end of year..........................       $        557    $     2,188    $    2,137  $        -     $         4,882
                                                   ==============================================================================
</TABLE>

                                      F-31
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 Condensed Consolidating Parent, Restricted Subsidiary and Non-Guarantor Statement of Cash Flow
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2001
                                                         (In thousands)

                                                       Abraxas
                                                     Petroleum      Restricted   Non-Guarantor                     Abraxas
                                                     Corporation    Subsidiary   Subsidiary    Reclassifi-        Petroleum
                                                     Inc. Parent   (Canadian     (Old Grey     cations and     Corporation and
                                                      Company(2)    Abraxas)        Wolf)      eliminations      Subsidiaries
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Activities
<S>                                                  <C>            <C>             <C>          <C>            <C>
Net income (loss) ...........................        $   (14,848)   $    (6,512)    $   1,642    $       -      $     (19,718)
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss)
   to net cash provided by operating
   activities:
     Minority interest in income of foreign
       subsidiary............................                  -              -         1,676            -              1,676
     Loss on sale of equity investment.......                845              -             -            -                845
     Depreciation, depletion, and
       amortization .........................             12,336         14,707         5,441            -             32,484
     Proved property impairment..............                  -          2,638             -                           2,638
     Deferred income tax (benefit) expense...                  -            (80)        1,977            -              1,897
     Amortization of deferred financing fees.              1,907            361             -            -              2,268
     Stock-based compensation ...............             (2,767)             -             -            -             (2,767)
     Changes in operating assets and
       liabilities:
         Accounts receivable ................             28,804         (9,721)       (6,390)           -             12,693
         Equipment inventory ................                (76)             -             -            -                (76)
         Other  .............................               (281)             -           175            -               (106)
         Accounts payables and accrued
           expenses .........................            (12,915)        (2,254)         (402)           -            (15,571)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided (used) by operating
   activities ...............................             13,005           (861)        4,119            -             16,263
Investing Activities
Capital expenditures, including purchases
   and development of properties ............            (19,126)       (15,313)      (22,617)           -            (57,056)
Proceeds from sale of oil and gas
   properties................................              9,677         15,882         3,379            -             28,938
Acquisition of minority interest ............             (2,679)             -            -             -             (2,679)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided (used) by investing
   activities................................            (12,128)           569       (19,238)           -            (30,797)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Financing Activities
Proceeds form issuance of common stock.......                 16              -             -            -                 16
Proceeds from long-term borrowings ..........             11,700              -        18,295            -             29,995
Payments on long-term borrowings ............             (9,326)             -             -            -             (9,326)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided (used) by financing
   activities                                              2,390              -        18,295            -             20,685
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           3,267           (292)        3,176            -              6,151
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash .....                  -           (141)         (409)           -               (550)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Increase (decrease) in cash .................              3,267           (433)        2,767            -              5,601
Cash at beginning of year ...................                326          1,678             -            -              2,004
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash at end of year..........................        $     3,593  $       1,245   $     2,767  $          -    $        7,605
                                                   ==============================================================================

</TABLE>


15. Business Segments

     The Company conducts its operations  through two geographic  segments,  the
United States and Canada,  and is engaged in the acquisition,  development,  and
production  of  crude  oil  and  natural  gas in  each  country.  The  Company's

                                     F-32
<PAGE>
significant operations are located in the Texas Gulf Coast, the Permian Basin of
western  Texas,  and Canada.  Identifiable  assets are those  assets used in the
operations  of the  segment.  Corporate  assets  consist  primarily  of deferred
financing  fees and other  property and  equipment.  The Company's  revenues are
derived primarily from the sale of crude oil,  condensate,  natural gas liquids,
and natural gas to  marketers  and refiners  and from  processing  fees from the
custom  processing  of  natural  gas.  As a general  policy,  collateral  is not
required for  receivables;  however,  the credit of the  Company's  customers is
regularly  assessed.  The  Company is not aware of any  significant  credit risk
relating to its  customers  and has not  experienced  significant  credit losses
associated with such receivables.

     In 2003, three customers  accounted for  approximately  67% of consolidated
oil  and  natural  gas  production   revenue.   Three  customers  accounted  for
approximately  80% of United  States  revenue and three  customer  accounted for
approximately  91% of revenue in Canada.  In 2002, four customers  accounted for
approximately 79% of consolidated oil and natural gas production revenue.  Three
customers  accounted  for  approximately  77% of United  States  revenue and one
customer  accounted for  approximately  80% of revenue in Canada. In 2001, three
customers  accounted  for  approximately  41% of oil and natural gas  production
revenues.  Three  customers  accounted  for  approximately  76% of United States
revenue and five customers accounted for approximately 76% of revenue in Canada.

Business segment information about the Company's 2001 operations in different
geographic areas is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                       U.S.               Canada              Total
                                                 ------------------  ------------------ -------------------
                                                                      (In thousands)
<S>                                                 <C>                 <C>               <C>
Revenues ...................................        $      35,775       $      41,468     $       77,243
                                                 ==================  ================== ===================
Operating profit............................        $      13,795       $       6,665     $       20,460
                                                 ==================  ==================
General corporate ...............................................................                 (1,335)
Net interest expense and amortization of
   deferred financing fees ......................................................                (33,713)
Other expense....................................................................                 (1,052)
                                                                                        -------------------
Loss before income taxes.........................................................         $      (15,640)
                                                                                        ===================

Identifiable assets at December 31, 2001 ...        $     124,993       $     174,063     $      299,056
                                                 ==================  ==================
Corporate assets ...........................                                                       4,560
                                                                                        -------------------
   Total assets ............................                                              $      303,616
                                                                                        ===================

Business segment information about the Company's 2002 operations in different
geographic areas is as follows:
                                                       U.S.               Canada              Total
                                                 ------------------  ------------------ -------------------
                                                                      (In thousands)
Revenues ...................................        $      21,541       $      32,779     $       54,320
                                                 ==================  ================== ===================
Operating loss..............................        $     (23,677)      $     (82,821)    $     (106,498)
                                                 ==================  ==================
General corporate ...............................................................                 (4,405)
Net interest expense and amortization of
   deferred financing fees ......................................................                (36,153)
Other expense....................................................................                 (1,168)
                                                                                        -------------------
Loss before income taxes.........................................................         $     (148,224)
                                                                                        ===================

Identifiable assets at December 31, 2002....        $      81,025       $      94,059     $      175,084
                                                 ==================  ==================
Corporate assets ...........................                                                       6,341
                                                                                        -------------------
   Total assets ............................                                              $      181,425
                                                                                        ===================

Business segment information about the Company's 2003 operations in different
geographic areas is as follows:

                                                       U.S.               Canada              Total
                                                 ------------------  ------------------ -------------------
                                                                      (In thousands)
Revenues ...................................        $      30,380       $       8,639     $       39,019
                                                 ==================  ================== ===================
Operating income............................        $      14,001       $       2,822     $       16,823
                                                 ==================  ==================


                                      F-33
<PAGE>

General corporate ...............................................................                 (5,281)
Net interest expense, financing cost and
   amortization of deferred financing fees ......................................                (23,009)
Gain on sale of foreign subsidiaries.............................................                 68,933
Other income (expense) - net.....................................................                   (774)
Cumulative effect of accounting change...........................................                   (395)
                                                                                        -------------------
Income before income taxes.......................................................         $       56,297
                                                                                        ===================

Identifiable assets at December 31, 2003....        $      84,228       $      37,092     $      121,320
                                                 ==================  ==================
Corporate assets ...........................                                                       5,117
                                                                                        -------------------
   Total assets ............................                                              $      126,437
                                                                                        ===================
</TABLE>

16.  Hedging Program and Derivatives

     On January 1, 2001, the Company adopted SFAS 133 "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging  Activities" SFAS 133 as amended by SFAS 137 "Accounting
for Derivative  Instruments  and Hedging  Activities - Deferral of the Effective
Date of FASB 133" and SFAS 138  "Accounting for Certain  Derivative  Instruments
and Certain Hedging Activities.  Gains and losses on hedging instruments related
to accumulated  Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss) and  adjustments to carrying
amounts on hedged production are included in natural gas or crude oil production
revenue in the period that the related production is delivered.  The Company has
not elected hedge accounting for the floors that are in place as of December 31,
2003,  accordingly,  adjustments  to the carrying value of the  instruments  are
recognized in oil and gas income in the current period.

     Under the terms of the Company's  senior credit  agreement,  the Company is
required to maintain  hedging  agreements  with respect to not less than 25% nor
more than 75% of it crude oil and natural gas production for a rolling six month
period.  The  credit  agreement  was  amended  in  February  2004,  see  Note 2,
increasing the minimum hedged position to 40% of our estimated production. As of
December 31, 2003 the Company's hedging positions were as follows:

          Time Period                   Notional Quantities         Price
--------------------------------- ---------------------------- ----------------
March  1,  2003 -  February  29,  5,000 MMBtu of natural gas   Floor of $4.50
2004                              production per day
March 1, 2004 - April 30, 2004    2,000 MMBtu of natural gas   Floor of $4.00
                                  production per day
March 1, 2004 - April 30, 2004    500 Bbl of crude oil         Floor of $22.00
                                  production per day
May 2004                          2,000 MMbtu of natural gas   Floor of $4.00
                                  production per day
May 2004                          500 Bbls of crude oil        Floor of $22.00
                                  production per day
June 2004                         800 Bbls of crude oil        Floor of $22.00
                                  production per day
July 2004                         2,000 MMbtu of natural gas   Floor of $4.00
                                  production per day
July 2004                         500 Bbl of crude oil         Floor of $22.00
                                  production per day

     All hedge transactions are subject to the Company's risk management policy,
approved  by  the  Board  of  Directors.  The  Company  formally  documents  all
relationships  between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk
management  objectives  and strategy  for  undertaking  the hedge.  This process
includes  specific  identification  of the  hedging  instrument  and the  hedged
transaction,   the  nature  of  the  risk  being  hedged  and  how  the  hedging
instrument's  effectiveness will be assessed. Both at the inception of the hedge
and on an ongoing basis,  the Company  assesses whether the derivatives that are
used in hedging  transactions are effective in offsetting  changes in cash flows
of hedged items.

     The fair value of the hedging  instrument was determined  based on the base
price of the hedged item and NYMEX  forward  price  quotes.  As of December  31,
2003, a commodity  price  increase of 10% would have resulted in an  unfavorable
change in the fair market value of  approximately  $2,000 and a commodity  price
decrease of 10% would have  resulted in a favorable  change in fair market value
of approximately $2,000.

                                      F-34
<PAGE>


17.  Proved Property Impairment

     In accordance with SEC  requirements,  the estimated  discounted future net
cash flows from proved  reserves are  generally  based on prices and costs as of
the end of the year, or  alternatively,  if prices  subsequent to that date have
increased,  a price near the  periodic  filing date of the  Company's  financial
statements.  As of December 31, 2001, the Company's net capitalized costs of oil
and gas properties  exceeded the present value of its estimated  proved reserves
by $71.3 million ($38.9 million on the U.S.  properties and $32.4 million on the
Canadian  properties).  These amounts were calculated  considering 2001 year-end
prices of $19.84  per barrel  for oil and $2.57 per Mcf for gas as  adjusted  to
reflect  the  expected  realized  prices  for each of the full cost  pools.  The
Company did not adjust its  capitalized  costs for its U.S.  properties  because
subsequent  to  December  31,  2001,  oil and gas  prices  increased  such  that
capitalized  costs for its U.S.  properties  did not exceed the present value of
the estimated proved oil and gas reserves for its U.S.  properties as determined
using increased  realized prices on March 22, 2002 of $24.16 per Bbl for oil and
$2.89 per Mcf for gas.  During the second  quarter of 2002,  the  Company  had a
ceiling limitation  write-down of approximately  $116.0 million. At December 31,
2003, the net  capitalized  cost of crude oil and natural gas properties did not
exceed the present value of our estimated  reserves,  as such, no write-down was
recorded.







                                      F-35
<PAGE>

18.  Supplemental Oil and Gas Disclosures (Unaudited)

<,         The accompanying table presents information concerning the Company's
crude oil and natural gas producing activities as required by Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 69, "Disclosures about Oil and Gas Producing
Activities." Capitalized costs relating to oil and gas producing activities are
as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                  Years Ended December 31
                                         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           2002                                         2003
                                         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             Total          U.S.         Canada         Total                U.S.        Canada
                                         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                   (In thousands)
     Proved crude oil and natural
<S>                                      <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>               <C>             <C>
       gas properties ............       $    521,995  $    279,401   $    242,594   $    325,222      $    288,559    $    36,663
     Unproved properties .........              7,052            -           7,052          4,304                -           4,304
                                         ------------- ------------- --------------- --------------    -------------- -------------
       Total...........................       529,047       279,401        249,646        329,526           288,559         40,967
     Accumulated depreciation,
       depletion, and
       amortization, and
       impairment ................           (420,344)     (205,181)      (215,163)      (219,404)         (212,609)        (6,795)
                                        --------------    -------------- ------------- -------------   -------------- ------------
         Net capitalized costs ...       $    108,703  $     74,220  $      34,483   $    110,122      $     75,950    $    34,172
                                         ============= ============= =============== ==============    ============== =============
</TABLE>

         Cost incurred in oil and gas property acquisitions, exploration and
development activities are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                    Years Ended December 31
                               ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              2001                           2002                              2003
                                --------------------------------   --------------------------------   ----------------------------
                                  Total       U.S.     Canada       Total       U.S.      Canada (1)    Total     U.S.      Canada
                                ---------  --------   --------     --------  ---------    ---------   ---------  --------   ------
                                                                                            (In thousands)

   Property acquisition costs:
<S>                              <C>       <C>        <C>          <C>       <C>          <C>         <C>        <C>          <C>
     Proved ...................  $     -   $   -      $    -       $   -     $    -       $    -      $    -     $    -       $   -
     Unproved .................        -       -           -           -          -            -           -          -           -
                                ---------  --------   --------     --------  ---------    ---------   ---------  --------   ------

                                 $     -   $   -      $    -       $   -     $    -       $    -      $    -     $    -       $   -
                                =========  ========   ========     ========  =========    =========   =========  ========   ======
   Property development and
     exploration costs ........  $ 56,694  $ 18,867   $ 37,827     $ 38,560  $  4,944     $ 33,616    $ 18,313   $ 9,158   $ 9,155
                                =========  ========   ========     ========  =========    =========   =========  ========   ======
</TABLE>

         (1) Canadian costs in 2002 were primarily for exploratory purposes.


                                      F-36
<PAGE>
<PAGE>



         The results of operations for oil and gas producing activities for the
three years ending December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003, respectively are as
follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                      Years Ended December 31
                               ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              2001                           2002                              2003
                                --------------------------------   --------------------------------   ----------------------------
                                  Total       U.S.     Canada       Total       U.S.      Canada (1)    Total     U.S.      Canada
                                ---------  --------   --------     --------  ---------    ---------   ---------  --------   ------
                                                                        (In thousands)

<S>                               <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>         <C>
   Revenues ...................   $ 73,201   $ 34,934   $  38,267  $   50,862   $ 20,835  $  30,027  $ 38,105  $  29,710   $ 8,395
   Production costs ...........    (18,616)    (9,302)     (9,314)    (15,240)    (7,639)    (7,601)   (9,599)    (8,342)   (1,257)
   Depreciation, depletion,
     and amortization .........    (32,124)   (11,976)    (20,148)    (26,224)    (8,879)   (17,345)   (9,410)    (7,428)   (1,982)
   Proved property impairment .     (2,638)        -       (2,638)   (115,993)   (28,178)   (87,815)        -          -         -
   General and administrative .     (1,565)    (1,073)       (492)     (1,836)    (1,011)      (825)   (1,339)      (998)     (341)
   Income taxes (expense)
     benefit...................     (2,419)        -       (2,419)          -         -           -      (377)        -       (377)
                                  ---------  --------   ---------    --------  ---------    ---------   ---------  --------   ------

   Results of operations from oil
    and gas producing activities
   (excluding corporate overhead
    and interest costs) ......... $ 15,839   $ 12,583   $   3,256  $ (108,431)  $(24,872) $ (83,559) $  17,380  $  12,942   $ 4,438
                                 ==========  ========   =========  ==========  =========   =========-  ========= =========  =======
   Depletion rate per barrel
     of oil equivalent, before
     impact of impairment .....   $   8.8 1  $   6.96   $   10.45  $     8.52   $   7.55  $    8.94  $    7.13  $    7.24   $   6.74
                                 ==========  ========   =========  ==========  =========   =========-  ========= =========  =======

</TABLE>

                                      F-37
<PAGE>

Estimated Quantities of Proved Oil and Gas Reserves

     The following table presents the Company's estimate of its net proved crude
oil and  natural gas  reserves as of December  31,  2001,  2002,  and 2003.  The
Company's management  emphasizes that reserve estimates are inherently imprecise
and that estimates of new discoveries are more imprecise than those of producing
oil and gas  properties.  Accordingly,  the  estimates are expected to change as
future  information  becomes  available.  The  estimates  have been  prepared by
independent petroleum reserve engineers.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              Total                    United States                Canada
                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        Liquid      Natural         Liquid       Natural       Liquid      Natural
                                                      Hydrocarbons   Gas          Hydrocarbons     Gas       Hydrocarbons   Gas
                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------  ----------------
                                                         (Barrels)   (Mcf)        (Barrels)       (Mcf)        (Barrels)    (Mcf)
                                                                                              (In Thousands)
     Proved developed and undeveloped reserves:
<S>                       <C>                           <C>          <C>               <C>        <C>             <C>       <C>
       Balance at January 1, 2001...................    8,844        191,327           6,081      114,908         2,763     76,419
         Revisions of previous estimates ...........     (628)         2,944            (688)       3,318            60       (374)
         Extensions and discoveries ................    1,064         26,329             354        4,886           710     21,443
         Production ................................     (732)       (17,495)           (416)      (7,823)         (316)    (9,672)
         Sale of minerals in place .................   (1,746)       (14,348)           (924)      (6,821)         (822)    (7,527)
                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Balance at December 31, 2001.................    6,802        188,757           4,407      108,468         2,395     80,289
         Revisions of previous estimates ...........     (798)       (29,701)            (63)     (15,248)         (735)   (14,453)
         Extensions and discoveries ................      522         19,166               -            -           522     19,166
         Production ................................     (534)       (15,453)           (264)      (5,472)         (270)    (9,981)
         Sale of minerals in place .................   (1,387)       (23,937)           (843)      (9,553)         (544)   (14,384)
                                                     ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Balance at December 31, 2002 ................    4,605        138,832           3,237       78,195         1,368     60,637
         Revisions of previous estimates ...........      310          5,564             268        6,760            42     (1,196)
         Extensions and discoveries ................      654          4,474              44           28           610      4,446
         Production ................................     (288)        (6,190)           (229)      (4,781)          (59)    (1,409)
         Sale of minerals in place .................   (1,146)       (46,396)              -            -        (1,146)   (46,396)
                                                     ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Balance at December 31, 2003.................    4,135         96,284           3,320       80,202           815     16,082
                                                     ==============================================================================
</TABLE>

                                      F-38
<PAGE>



Estimated Quantities of Proved Oil and Gas Reserves (continued)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                               Total                    United States                Canada
                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        Liquid      Natural         Liquid       Natural       Liquid      Natural
                                                      Hydrocarbons   Gas          Hydrocarbons     Gas       Hydrocarbons   Gas
                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------  ----------------
                                                         (Barrels)   (Mcf)        (Barrels)       (Mcf)       (Barrels)    (Mcf)
     Proved developed reserves:
<S>                                                   <C>         <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>
       December 31, 2001 ...........................    5,047       111,243        2,892         40,514        2,155        70,729
                                                    ==============================================================================

       December 31, 2002............................    3,004        90,374        1,754         34,776        1,250        55,598
                                                    ==============================================================================

       December 31, 2003............................    2,314        52,398        1,887         39,371          427        13,027
                                                    ==============================================================================
</TABLE>







                                      F-39
<PAGE>



Standardized  Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Oil
and Gas Reserves

     The following  disclosures  concerning the  standardized  measure of future
cash flows from proved  crude oil and natural gas are  presented  in  accordance
with SFAS No. 69. The  standardized  measure does not purport to  represent  the
fair market value of the Company's proved crude oil and natural gas reserves. An
estimate of fair market value would also take into account, among other factors,
the recovery of reserves not classified as proved, anticipated future changes in
prices and costs, and a discount factor more representative of the time value of
money and the risks inherent in reserve estimates.

     Under the  standardized  measure,  future cash  inflows  were  estimated by
applying  period-end  prices  at  December  31,  2003  adjusted  for  fixed  and
determinable escalations,  to the estimated future production of year-end proved
reserves.  Future cash inflows were reduced by estimated  future  production and
development  costs based on year-end  costs to determine  pre-tax cash  inflows.
Future  income  taxes were  computed by applying the  statutory  tax rate to the
excess of pre-tax cash inflows over the tax basis of the  properties.  Operating
loss  carryforwards,  tax  credits,  and  permanent  differences  to the  extent
estimated  to be  available  in the future  were also  considered  in the future
income tax calculations, thereby reducing the expected tax expense.

     Future net cash  inflows  after income  taxes were  discounted  using a 10%
annual discount rate to arrive at the Standardized Measure.



                                      F-40
<PAGE>
     Set forth below is the Standardized  Measure relating to proved oil and gas
reserves for the three years ending December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                     Years Ended December 31
                              ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               2001                          2002                             2003
                              -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  Total        U.S.     Canada       Total      U.S.     Canada       Total      U.S.    Canada
                              -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         (In thousands)

<S>                             <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>         <C>         <C>
   Future cash inflows .....    $ 607,375   $ 313,640  $ 293,735  $ 686,055  $ 389,061  $296,994  $  621,290  $  512,797  $108,493
   Future production and
     development costs .....     (220,613)   (138,296)   (82,317)  (225,068)  (158,507)  (66,561)   (204,537)   (179,036)  (25,498)
   Future income tax expense            -           -         -            -          -       -            -           -       -
                              ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Future net cash flows ...      386,762     175,344    211,418    460,987    230,554   230,433     416,756     333,761    82,995
   Discount ................     (177,096)    (98,157)   (78,939)  (206,134)  (120,238)  (85,896)   (199,933)   (172,177)  (27,756)
                              ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Standardized Measure of
     discounted future net
     cash relating to proved
     reserves ..............  $   209,666   $  77,187  $ 132,479  $ 254,853  $ 110,316  $144,537  $  216,823  $  161,584  $ 55,239
                              ======================================================================================================
</TABLE>

                                      F-41
<PAGE>

Changes in Standardized  Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to
Proved Oil and Gas Reserves

         The following is an analysis of the changes in the Standardized
Measure:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                               Year Ended December 31
                                                       ------------------------------------
                                                             2001         2002         2003
                                                        ---------    ---------    ---------
                                                                     (In thousands)

Standardized Measure, beginning
<S>                                                     <C>          <C>          <C>
  of year ............................................  $ 775,534    $ 209,666    $ 254,853
Sales and transfers of oil and gas
  produced, net of production costs ..................    (54,585)     (35,622)     (28,506)
Net changes in prices and development
  and production costs from prior year ...............   (613,325)     111,087       62,074
Extensions, discoveries, and improved
  recovery, less related costs .......................     39,982       46,803       21,819
Sales of minerals in place ...........................    (96,096)     (33,808)    (120,150)
Revision of previous quantity estimates ..............     (2,474)     (36,007)       9,061
Change in future income tax expense ..................    230,987         --           --
Other ................................................   (147,910)     (28,232)      (7,813)
Accretion of discount ................................     77,553       20,966       25,485
                                                        ---------    ---------    ---------
  Standardized Measure, end of year ..................  $ 209,666    $ 254,853    $ 216,823
                                                        =========    =========    =========
</TABLE>

19.    Restatement

     In January 2003, the Company sold its wholly owned  Canadian  subsidiaries,
Old Grey Wolf and Canadian  Abraxas as part of a series of transactions  related
to a financial  restructuring - see Note 2 for additional  information regarding
an  exchange  offer,  redemption  of certain  notes and a new credit  agreement.
Subsequent to the issuance of its consolidated financial statements for the year
ended December 31, 2002,  the Company's  management  determined  that the wholly
owned  Canadian  subsidiaries  should not have been  presented  as  discontinued
operations.  As a result,  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets as of
December 31, 2002, and the related  consolidated  statements of operations,  and
cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended  December 31, 2002 have
been restated to present the assets and liabilities,  results of operations, and
cash flows as components of continuing operations.

A summary of the significant effects of the restatement is as follows (In
thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                            For the years ended December 31,
                                           --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         2001                               2002
                                           ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------
                                             As Previously     As Restated     As Previously     As Restated
                                               Reported                           Reported
                                           ------------------- -------------- ---------------- ----------------
   Revenues:
<S>                                         <C>               <C>             <C>              <C>
       Oil and gas production revenue       $        34,934   $       73,201  $        21,601  $        50,862
       Gas processing revenue                             -            2,438                -            2,420
       Rig revenue                                      756              756              635              635
       Other                                             85              848               71              403
                                               -------------     ------------    -------------    -------------
                                                     35,775           77,243           22,307           54,320
   Operating costs and expenses:
       Lease operating and
        production taxes                              9,302           18,616            7,910           15,240
       Depreciation, depletion and
        amortization                                 12,336           32,484            9,654           26,539


                                      F-42
<PAGE>

       Proved property impairment                         -            2,638           32,850          115,993
       Rig operations                                   702              702              567              567
       General and administrative                     4,937            6,445            5,082            6,884
       General and administrative
       (Stock-based compensation)                    (2,767)          (2,767)               -                -
                                               -------------     ------------    -------------    -------------
                                                     24,510           58,118           56,063          165,223
                                               -------------     ------------    -------------    -------------
   Operating income (loss)                           11,265           19,125         (33,756)         (110,903)
   Other (income) expense:
       Interest income                                 (78)            (78)                (92)            (92)
       Amortization of deferred
   financing fees                                     1,907            2,268            1,325            2,095
       Interest expense                              23,922           31,523           24,689           34,150
       Financing costs                                    -                -              967              967
       (Gain) loss on sale of equity
         investment                                     845              845                -                -
       Gain on debt extinguishment (1)                    -                -                -                -
       Other                                            207              207              201              201
                                               -------------     ------------    -------------    -------------
                                                     26,803           34,765           27,090           37,321
                                               -------------     ------------    -------------    -------------
   Income (loss) before income tax                  (15,538)         (15,640)         (60,846)        (148,224)
   Income tax expense (benefit):
       Current                                          505              505                -                -
       Deferred                                           -            1,897                -          (29,697)
   Minority interest in income of
   consolidated foreign
   subsidiary                                             -            1,676                -                -
   Loss from discontinued operations                 (3,675)              -           (57,681)               -
                                               -------------     ------------    -------------    -------------
   Net income (loss)                        $      (19,718)   $    (19,718)   $      (118,527)  $     (118,527)
                                               =============     ============    =============    =============
</TABLE>

                                      F-43
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                December 31, 2002
                                                        ----------------------------------
                                                         As Previously        As Restated
                                                            Reported
                                                        -----------------     ------------
Current Assets:
<S>                                                  <C>                   <C>
Cash                                                 $               557   $        4,882
Accounts receivable:
    Joint owners                                                     516            2,215
    Oil and gas production sales                                   5,292            7,466
    Other                                                            221              364
                                                        -----------------     ------------
                                                                   6,029           10,045
Equipment inventory                                                1,021            1,014
Other current assets                                                 316            1,240
                                                          -----------------     ------------
                                                                   7,923           17,181
Assets held for sale                                              74,247                -
                                                        -----------------     ------------
    Total current assets                                          82,170           17,181
Property and equipment:
    Oil and gas properties:
         Proved                                                  298,972          521,995
        Unproved                                                   7,052            7,052
    Other property and equipment                                   2,713           44,189
                                                        -----------------     ------------
          Total                                                  308,737          573,236
    Less accumulated depreciation, depletion
     and amortization                                            212,811          422,842
                                                        -----------------     ------------
        Total property and equipment - net                        95,926          150,394
Deferred financing fees                                            2,970            5,671
Deferred income taxes                                                  -            7,820
Other                                                                359              359
                                                        -----------------     ------------
    Total assets                                     $           181,425   $      181,425
                                                        =================     ============


Current Liabilities:
Accounts payable                                     $             4,171   $        9,687
Joint interest oil and gas production payable                      1,637            2,432
Accrued interest                                                   5,000            6,009
Other accrued expenses                                             1,162            1,162
Hedge liability                                                        -                -
Current maturities of long-term debt                              63,500           63,500
                                                        -----------------     ------------
                                                                  75,470           82,790
Liabilities related to assets held for sale                       56,697                -
                                                        -----------------     ------------
    Total current liabilities                                    132,167           82,790
Long-term debt                                                   190,979          236,943
Deferred income taxes                                                  -                -
Future site restoration                                              533            3,946
Stockholders' equity (deficit)                                  (142,254)        (142,254)
                                                        -----------------     ------------
    Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit     $            181,425  $       181,425
                                                        =================     ============
</TABLE>

                                      F-44
<PAGE>



<PAGE>



FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



GREY WOLF EXPLORATION INC.



December 31, 2002








                                      F-45
<PAGE>





Deloitte & Touche LLP
3000, 700 Second Street SW
Calgary  AB  Canada  T2P 0S7

Telephone     +1 403-267-1700
Facsimile          +1 403-264-2871


AUDITORS' REPORT



To the Directors of
Grey Wolf Exploration Inc.

We have audited the balance sheet of Grey Wolf  Exploration  Inc. as at December
31, 2002 and the statements of earnings (loss) and retained  earnings  (deficit)
and of cash flows for each of the years in the two-year  period  ended  December
31, 2002.  These financial  statements are the  responsibility  of the Company's
management.  Our  responsibility  is to express  an  opinion on these  financial
statements based on our audits.

With respect to the financial  statements  for each of the years in the two-year
period ended  December 31, 2002,  we  conducted  our audits in  accordance  with
Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and auditing standards  generally
accepted in the United States of America.  Those standards  require that we plan
and  perform  an audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  whether  the  financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion,  these  financial  statements  present  fairly,  in all material
respects,  the financial position of the Company as at December 31, 2002 and the
results  of its  operations  and its cash  flows  for  each of the  years in the
two-year  period ended December 31, 2002 in accordance  with Canadian  generally
accepted accounting principles.



Calgary, Canada                                   /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP
March 10, 2003                                       Chartered Accountants


                                      F-46
<PAGE>

                    COMMENTS BY AUDITORS FOR U.S. READERS ON
                       CANADA -U.S. REPORTING DIFFERENCES


In the United States,  reporting  standards for auditors require the addition of
an explanatory  paragraph (following the opinion paragraph) outlining changes in
accounting principles that have been implemented in the financial statements. As
discussed in Note 7 to the financial statements, in 2001 the Company changed its
method of  computing  diluted  earnings per share to conform to the new Canadian
Institute of Chartered Accountants Handbook recommendation section 3500.

In the United States,  reporting  standards for auditors require the addition of
an explanatory paragraph (following the opinion paragraph) outlining significant
subsequent events that have been disclosed in the financial statements.  We have
not audited any financial statements of the Company for any period subsequent to
December  31, 2002.  However,  as  discussed  in Note 13, the  Company's  parent
company sold all of the outstanding  common shares of the Company on January 23,
2003.




Calgary, Canada                                      /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP
March 10, 2003                                           Chartered Accountants




                                      F-47
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

GREY WOLF EXPLORATION INC.

Balance Sheet
As At December 31
(Thousands of Canadian dollars)
                                                                                       2002
                                                                                        $
                                                                               ----------------------

ASSETS
Current
<S>                                                                                         <C>
Cash                                                                                        3,365
Accounts receivable (Note 10)                                                               8,230
                                                                               ----------------------
                                                                                           11,595

Long-term receivable (Note 10)                                                             10,000
Property and equipment (Note 3)                                                            23,401
Future income taxes (Note 6)                                                               25,233
                                                                               ----------------------
                                                                                           70,229
                                                                               ----------------------

Liabilities
Current
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (Note 10)                                         10,078

Long-term debt (Note 4)                                                                    69,227
Future site restoration and abandonment                                                     1,221
Future income taxes (Note 6)                                                                    -
                                                                               ----------------------
                                                                                           80,526
                                                                               ----------------------

CONTINGENCIES (Note 11)

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)
Share capital (Note 5)                                                                     27,891
Retained earnings (deficit)                                                               (38,188)
                                                                               ----------------------
                                                                                          (10,297)
                                                                               ----------------------
                                                                                           70,229
                                                                               ----------------------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes


                                      F-48
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


GREY WOLF EXPLORATION INC.
Statements of Earnings (Loss) and Retained Earnings (Deficit)
Years Ended December 31
(thousands of Canadian dollars, except for share amounts)
                                                                                2002             2001
                                                                                 $                 $
                                                                         -----------------------------------

Revenue
<S>                                                                              <C>                <C>
Petroleum and natural gas sales                                                  33,245             30,268
Royalties, net of Alberta Royalty Tax Credit                                     (8,237)            (7,615)
                                                                         -----------------------------------
                                                                                 25,008             22,653
                                                                         -----------------------------------
Expenses
Operating                                                                         6,032              3,844
General and administrative (Note 3)                                               2,367              1,278
Interest and finance charges (Note 10)                                            4,518              1,827
Depletion, depreciation and site restoration (Note 3)                             8,003              8,364
Write down of petroleum and natural gas properties
   and facilities                                                                82,635                  -
Amortization of deferred financing fees (Note 4)                                    634                  -
                                                                         -----------------------------------
                                                                                104,189             15,313
                                                                         -----------------------------------

Earnings (loss) before taxes                                                    (79,181)             7,340
                                                                        -----------------------------------
Provision for (recovery of) taxes (Note 6)
    Current                                                                          24                144
    Future                                                                      (31,592)             3,061
                                                                         -----------------------------------
                                                                                (31,568)             3,205
                                                                         -----------------------------------

Net earnings (loss)                                                             (47,613)             4,135

Retained earnings, beginning of year                                              9,425              5,290
                                                                         -----------------------------------
Retained earnings (deficit), end of year                                        (38,188)             9,425
                                                                         -----------------------------------

Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share (Note 7)                              (3.71)              0.32
                                                                         -----------------------------------

Weighted average number of shares
    Basic                                                                    12,841,327         12,776,407
    Diluted                                                                  12,841,327         12,776,407
                                                                         -----------------------------------
</TABLE>


See accompanying notes




                                      F-49
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

GREY WOLF EXPLORATION INC.

Statements of Cash Flows
Years Ended December 31
(Thousands of Canadian dollars, except for share amounts)
                                                                               2002              2001
                                                                                $                  $
                                                                         -------------------------------------
Operating Activities
<S>                                                                            <C>                 <C>
Net earnings (loss)                                                            (47,613)            4,135
Depletion, depreciation and site restoration                                     8,003             8,364
Write down of petroleum and natural gas properties
    and facilities                                                              82,635                 -
Future income tax expense (recovery)                                           (31,592)            3,061
Amortization of deferred financing fees                                            634                 -
                                                                         -------------------------------------
Cash flow from operations                                                       12,067            15,560
Changes in non-cash working capital items (Note 9)                              (3,355)             (746)
                                                                         -------------------------------------
                                                                                 8,712            14,814
                                                                         -------------------------------------

Financing Activities
Increase in long-term debt                                                      67,994            28,334
Repayments of long-term debt                                                   (35,723)                -
Increase in long-term receivable                                                     -           (10,000)
Issuance of common shares                                                            -               336
                                                                          -------------------------------------
                                                                                32,271            18,670
                                                                         -------------------------------------
                                                                         -------------------------------------
Total cash resources provided                                                   40,983            33,484
                                                                         -------------------------------------

Investing Activities
Expenditures for property and equipment                                         45,558            36,800
Other acquisitions                                                                   -             1,071
Dispositions of property and equipment                                          (3,657)           (8,838)
Site restoration                                                                   122                46
                                                                         -------------------------------------
                                                                                42,023            29,079
                                                                         -------------------------------------

Increase (decrease) in cash                                                     (1,040)            4,405
Cash, beginning of year                                                          4,405                 -
                                                                         -------------------------------------
Cash, end of year                                                                3,365             4,405
                                                                         -------------------------------------

Basic and diluted cash flow from operations
     per share (Note 7)                                                           0.94              1.22
                                                                         -------------------------------------

Cash interest paid                                                               5,483             1,840
Cash taxes paid                                                                     88                82
                                                                         -------------------------------------
</TABLE>
See accompanying notes


                                      F-50
<PAGE>


GREY WOLF EXPLORATION INC.
Notes to the Financial Statements
Years Ended December 31, 2002 and 2001
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Tabular amounts in thousands of Canadian dollars, except for share amounts)

1.   DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESs

     Grey Wolf  Exploration Inc. ("Grey Wolf" or "the Company") was incorporated
     under the laws of the  Province  of  Alberta  on  December  23,  1986.  The
     Company's  primary business is the exploration,  development and production
     of crude oil and natural gas in western Canada. As at December 31, 2002 the
     Company was a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation
     ("Abraxas").

2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     These  financial  statements have been prepared in accordance with Canadian
     generally accepted accounting principles.  Differences between Canadian and
     U.S. GAAP are outlined in Note 12 to the financial statements.

     Cash

     Cash includes amounts held in short-term  deposits with original maturities
     of 90 days or less.

     Property and equipment

     The Company  follows the full cost method of accounting in accordance  with
     the  guideline  issued by the Canadian  Institute of Chartered  Accountants
     ("CICA")  whereby  all  costs  associated  with  the  exploration  for  and
     development  of petroleum and natural gas reserves,  whether  productive or
     unproductive,  are  capitalized  in a Canadian  cost  centre and charged to
     income  as  set  out  below.  Such  costs  include  acquisition,  drilling,
     geological and  geophysical  costs related to exploration  and  development
     activities.  Costs of acquiring  and  evaluating  unproved  properties  are
     excluded  from the  depletion  base until it is  determined  whether or not
     proved reserves are attributable to the properties or impairment occurs.

     Gains or losses  are not  recognized  upon  disposition  of  petroleum  and
     natural gas properties  unless crediting the proceeds  against  accumulated
     costs would result in a change in the rate of depletion of 20% or more.

     Depletion of  petroleum  and natural gas  properties  and  depreciation  of
     production  equipment,  except for gas plants and  related  facilities,  is
     provided on accumulated costs using the unit-of-production  method based on
     estimated proved petroleum and natural gas reserves,  before royalties,  as
     determined  by  independent  engineers.   For  purposes  of  the  depletion
     calculation,  proven  petroleum and natural gas reserves are converted to a
     common  unit of measure on the basis of one barrel of oil or liquids  being
     equal to six thousand cubic feet of natural gas. Depreciation of gas plants
     and related  production  facilities is calculated on a straight-line  basis
     over an average 18-year term.

                                      F-51
<PAGE>

     The depletion and depreciation cost base includes capitalized costs, less
     costs of unproved properties, plus provision for future development costs
     of proved undeveloped reserves.




                                      F-52
<PAGE>

2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Petroleum and natural gas properties (Continued)

     The  net  carrying  value  of  the  Company's  petroleum  and  natural  gas
     properties  is limited to an  ultimate  recoverable  amount  (the  "ceiling
     test").  This amount is the aggregate of estimated future net revenues from
     proved  reserves and the costs of unproved  properties,  net of  impairment
     allowances,   less  future   estimated   production   costs,   general  and
     administration  costs,  financing  costs,  site restoration and abandonment
     costs, and income taxes. Future net revenues are estimated using period end
     prices and costs without escalation or discounting,  and the income tax and
     Alberta Royalty Tax Credit legislation substantially enacted at the balance
     sheet date.

     Furniture,  leasehold improvements,  computer hardware, software and office
     equipment are carried at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful
     life of the assets at rates varying between 20 percent and 30 percent, on a
     declining-balance basis.

     Future site restoration and abandonment costs

     The estimated cost of future site  restoration is based on the current cost
     and the  anticipated  method and extent of site  restoration  in accordance
     with  existing  legislation  and industry  practice.  The annual  charge is
     provided for on a  unit-of-production  basis for all properties  except for
     gas plants for which the annual  charge is  calculated  on a  straight-line
     basis  over  the  estimated  remaining  life  of the  plants.  Actual  site
     restoration  expenditures are charged to the accumulated  liability account
     as incurred.

     Use of estimates

     The amounts  recorded  for  depletion  and  depreciation  of  property  and
     equipment and the provision for site  restoration are based on estimates of
     proved reserves and production rates. The ceiling test calculation is based
     on  estimates of proved  reserves,  production  rates,  oil and natural gas
     prices, future costs and other relevant assumptions. By their nature, these
     estimates  are  subject  to  uncertainty  and the  effect on the  financial
     statements of changes in such estimates could be significant.



                                      F-53
<PAGE>



2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Joint operations

     Substantially all of the Company's  exploration and development  activities
     are  conducted  jointly  with  others,   and  accordingly,   the  financial
     statements  reflect  only  the  Company's  proportionate  interest  in such
     activities.

     Revenue recognition

     Petroleum and natural gas sales are  recognized  when the  commodities  are
     delivered to purchasers.

     Future income taxes

     The Company  accounts for income taxes using the  liability  method.  Under
     this method future  income tax assets and  liabilities  are measured  based
     upon  temporary  differences  between  the  carrying  values of assets  and
     liabilities and their tax basis.  Income tax expense (recovery) is computed
     based  on  the  change  during  the  year  in the  future  tax  assets  and
     liabilities.  Effects of  changes in tax laws and tax rates are  recognized
     when substantially enacted.

     Stock options

     Prior  to  December  31,  2001,  the  Company  had a stock  option  plan as
     described in Note 5. No compensation  expense was recognized when the stock
     options were issued.  Consideration  received on exercise of stock  options
     was credited to share capital.

     Per share figures

     Basic per share figures are calculated using the weighted average number of
     common shares outstanding during the year.

     Effective  January  1,  2001,  the  Company  retroactively   adopted,  with
     restatement  of prior  periods,  the new  recommendations  of CICA Handbook
     Section  3500.  Under the revised  standard,  diluted per share figures are
     calculated  based on the  weighted  average  number of  shares  outstanding
     during  the year plus the  additional  common  shares  that would have been
     outstanding if potentially dilutive common shares had been issued using the
     treasury  stock method.  Prior to the adoption of the new  recommendations,
     diluted  per share  amounts  were  determined  using the  imputed  earnings
     method.

                                      F-54
<PAGE>



2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Comparative figures

     Certain of the prior years'  comparative  figures have been reclassified to
     conform to the current year's presentation.

3.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       2002
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                    Accumulated
                                                                                   Depletion and        Net Book
                             Cost Depreciation Value
                                      $ $ $
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                                                     <C>             <C>                <C>
    Petroleum and natural gas properties                                120,727        (102,708)           18,019
    Gas plants and related production facilities                         21,641         (16,314)            5,327
    Other assets                                                            621            (566)               55
                                                            --------------------------------------------------------
    Net property and equipment                                          142,989        (119,588)           23,401
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

     For  the  year  ended   December   31,   2002,   $701,000  of  general  and
     administrative  expenses were capitalized as part of property and equipment
     related  directly to the Company's  exploration and development  activities
     (2001 - $402,000).

     As a result of the quarterly ceiling test calculation at June 30, 2002, the
     Company  recorded a write-down of its petroleum and natural gas  properties
     and facilities in the amount of $82,635,000 ($49,649,000 net of related tax
     recovery). The impairment was primarily due to lower gas prices and reserve
     revisions  subsequent  to December 31, 2001,  and higher  future  estimated
     interest costs relating to the Mirant Facility (Note 4).


                                      F-55
<PAGE>


3.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

     Undeveloped property costs of $4,961,511 were excluded from the depletion
     base for the year ended December 31, 2002 (2001 - $6,065,907).

     Future site restoration and abandonment charges of $294,029 are included in
     depletion, depreciation and site restoration expense for the year ended
     December 31, 2002 (2001 - $197,987).

4.   LONG-TERM DEBT

     Long term debt is comprised of the following:
                                                           2002
                                                             $
                                                    --------------------

    Mirant Facility                                         72,398
    Unamortized deferred financing charges                  (3,171)
                                                    --------------------
                                                            69,227
                                                    --------------------

     At December 31, 2002, the Company had a credit  facility with Mirant Canada
     Energy Capital Ltd., (the "Mirant Facility") with a maximum available limit
     of  $150,000,000.  At  December  31,  2002,  $72,398,000  was drawn on this
     facility.  Of the  $72,398,000  drawn,  $10,000,000 was advanced to Canaxas
     (Note 10).  The Company is  required to pay an amount  equal to monthly net
     cash  flow  from   operations   less   interest   payments,   general   and
     administrative  expenses and approved capital  expenditures.  Loan advances
     are  supported  by a  first  charge  demand  debenture  in  the  amount  of
     $200,000,000  together with a debenture pledge agreement  providing a first
     priority lien on all the assets of the Company.

     Under the Mirant  Facility,  loan advances bear interest at 9.5%, plus a 5%
     overriding  royalty which will decrease to 2.5% when certain conditions are
     met. The overriding  royalty granted to Mirant was treated as a disposition
     of petroleum and natural gas properties in the amount of $3,600,000, with a
     corresponding  deferred  financing charge recorded of $3,600,000,  based on
     the fair  value at the  date of  disposition.  This  deferred  charge  plus
     additional  fees paid in 2001 and 2002 to  secure  the  facility  have been
     netted against the outstanding  loan balance and are being amortized over a
     6-year period ending in 2007.



                                      F-57
<PAGE>




4.   LONG-TERM DEBT (Continued)

     At January 1, 2001, the Company had a revolving term credit facility with a
     Canadian  chartered  bank with a maximum  limit of  $20,000,000.  Under the
     facility,  loan advances bore interest at bank prime plus 1/8%, or the then
     current bankers' acceptances rate plus 1 1/8%. Loan advances were supported
     by a first  floating  charge demand  debenture in the amount of $25,000,000
     covering all the assets of the Company.  During May 2001, the maximum limit
     under the revolving term credit  facility was increased to $27,000,000  and
     remained  at this level until  replaced by the Mirant  Facility in December
     2001.

     Effective January 1, 2002, the Emerging Issues Committee of the CICA issued
     Abstract No. 122, which requires  callable debt obligations to be presented
     with current liabilities on the balance sheet. The maximum available amount
     under  the  Mirant   Facility  may  be  terminated  or  reduced  below  the
     outstanding amount only upon certain  unanticipated  events of default, and
     therefore is not classified as a callable debt obligation.  In addition, it
     is  anticipated  the  Company  will be a net  borrower  due to a number  of
     planned  capital  projects over the next several  years.  Accordingly,  the
     outstanding  balance has been  classified  as a long-term  liability on the
     balance sheet. The facility matures in December 2007.

     Interest  and  financing  charges  for the year  ended  December  31,  2002
     includes  $5,483,000 of interest expense relating to long-term debt (2001 -
     $843,000).


                                      F-58
<PAGE>



5.   SHARE CAPITAL

     Authorized

     Unlimited number of common shares without nominal or par value.

     Issued
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                              Number of               Amount
                                                                               Shares                   $
                                                                        ---------------------------------------------

                                                                        ---------------------------------------------

<S>                                                                            <C>                      <C>
    Balance, December 31, 2000                                                 12,661,541               27,555

    Exercise of stock options                                                     179,786                  336
                                                                        ---------------------------------------------


    Balance, December 31, 2001 and 2002                                        12,841,327               27,891
                                                                        ---------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

     Stock options

     Prior to December 31, 2001, a maximum of 1,270,000 options to purchase
     common shares were authorized for issuance under the Company's stock option
     plan. The options were exercisable on a cumulative basis at 25% per year
     commencing one year after the grant date and expiring in five years from
     the date of grant. During the year ended December 31, 2001, all options
     outstanding in the Company were cancelled and new options were issued by
     Abraxas.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                       Number           Weighted Average
                                                            of Options           Option Price
                                                      ----------------------------------------------

<S>                    <C> <C>                                <C>                     <C>
     Balance, December 31, 2000                               1,010,029               2.30
     Exercised                                                 (179,786)              1.87
     Cancelled                                                 (830,243)              2.39
                                                      ------------------------
        Balance, December 31, 2001 and 2002                              -
                                                      ------------------------
</TABLE>


                                      F-59
<PAGE>
6.   PROVISION FOR TAXES

     The total provision for taxes recorded differs from the tax calculated by
     applying the combined statutory Canadian corporate and provincial income
     tax rates as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                      2002              2001
                                                                       $                  $
                                                             -------------------------------------

    Calculated income tax (recovery) expense at
<S>                                                                <C>                  <C>
       42.12% (2001 - 42.62%)                                      (33,351)             3,128
    Increase (decrease) in tax resulting from:
    Non-deductible crown royalties and other charges                 2,511              2,950
    Resource allowance and related items                              (583)            (2,757)
    Alberta Royalty Tax Credit                                        (105)              (177)
    Large Corporation Tax                                               24                144
    Tax rate adjustment                                                (62)              (151)
    Other                                                               (2)                68
                                                             -------------------------------------
    Provision for (recovery of) taxes                              (31,568)             3,205
                                                             -------------------------------------
</TABLE>

     The major components of future income tax asset (liability) at December 31,
     2002 is as follows:
                                                                    2002
                                                                      $
                                                              ------------------

    Property and equipment                                      25,522
    Future site restoration                                        514
    Share issue costs                                               19
    Attributed royalty income carried forward                      607
    Resource allowance                                          (1,357)
    Deferred financing costs                                       (72)
                                                              ------------------
                                                                25,233
                                                              ------------------


     No valuation  allowance has been recorded with respect to the future income
     tax asset  balance at December  31, 2002 based on  management's  assessment
     that the amount is more likely than not to be realized.


                                      F-60
<PAGE>



7.   PER SHARE figures

     The  treasury   method  of  calculating   per  share  figures  was  adopted
     retroactively  effective  January  1,  2001.  There  was no  impact on 2001
     diluted per share figures as a result of adopting the new treasury method.

8.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     Financial  instruments  of the  Company  consist  of  accounts  receivable,
     long-term  receivable,   accounts  payable  and  accrued  liabilities,  and
     long-term  debt.  As at  December  31,  2002,  there  were  no  significant
     differences  between the carrying  amounts of these  financial  instruments
     reported on the balance sheets and their estimated fair values.

     Credit risk

     The majority of the Company's accounts receivable are in respect of oil and
     gas operations.  The Company  generally  extends  unsecured credit to these
     customers,  and  therefore,  the  collection of accounts  receivable may be
     affected by changes in economic or other  conditions.  Management  believes
     the risk is mitigated by the size and  reputation of the companies to which
     they extend credit. The Company has not previously experienced any material
     credit loss in the collection of receivables.

     Interest rate risk

     The Company's  long-term debt bears interest at a floating market rate plus
     1/8%.  Accordingly,  the Company is subject to interest  rate risk,  as the
     required  cash  flow to  service  the debt  will  fluctuate  as a result of
     changes in market rates.

     Commodity price risk

     The nature of the Company's  operations results in exposure to fluctuations
     in  commodity  prices.  The  Company  from time to time  employs  financial
     instruments to manage its exposure to commodity  prices.  These instruments
     are not  used  for  speculative  trading  purposes.  Gains  and  losses  on
     commodity  price  hedges  are  included  in  revenues  upon the sale of the
     related  production.  The Company had not entered into any  contracts as at
     December 31, 2002.


                                      F-61
<PAGE>


9.   SUPPLEMENTARY CASH FLOW INFORMATION
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                      2002              2001
                                                                       $                  $
                                                             -------------------------------------

<S>                                                                  <C>                 <C>
    Accounts receivable                                              1,750               (165)
    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                        (5,105)              (581)
                                                             -------------------------------------
    Changes in non-cash working capital items                       (3,355)              (746)
                                                             -------------------------------------
</TABLE>

10.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     The Company manages the assets and operations of Canadian Abraxas Petroleum
     Limited ("Canaxas")  pursuant to a Management  Agreement dated November 12,
     1996. Canaxas is a wholly-owned  subsidiary of Abraxas.  As at December 31,
     2002,  Abraxas  owned  97.3%  (2000 - 46.0%)  of the  common  shares of the
     Company  and Canaxas  owned 2.7% (2000 - 2.7%) of the common  shares of the
     Company. The aggregate common costs of operations and administration of the
     Canaxas  and Grey Wolf  assets  are shared on a  pro-rata  basis,  based on
     revenue.

     During the year ended December 31, 2002,  $2,967,200 was charged to Canaxas
     with respect to the Management Agreement (2001 - $2,633,716).  Abraxas also
     charged  the Company a corporate  service  charge of $885,000  for the year
     ended December 31, 2002 of which  $480,000 was charged out to Canaxas.  For
     the year ended December 31, 2001, the Abraxas  corporate service charge was
     $849,000 of which $589,000 was charged out to Canaxas. All amounts relating
     to the Abraxas corporate  service charge and the Management  Agreement with
     Canaxas are non-interest  bearing,  are not  collateralized  and are due on
     demand.

     At December 31, 2002 the Company had a long-term receivable from Canaxas in
     the amount of $10,000,000 (Note 4). The balance bears interest at 9.65% and
     has no  fixed  terms  of  repayment.  Interest  and  financing  charges  of
     $4,518,000 for the year ended December 31, 2002 are net of $965,000 (2001 -
     $Nil)interest  income  accrued  related to the  long-term  receivable  from
     Canaxas.

     Following is a summary of amounts included in accounts receivable and
     long-term receivable that are due from related parties as at December 31,
     2002:


                                      F-62
<PAGE>



10.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

                                                                   2002
                                                                     $
                                                        ----------------------

    Short-term receivable from Canaxas                              1,236
    Long-term receivable from Canaxas                              10,000

11.  contingencies

     The Company is subject to various claims arising from its operations in the
     normal course of business,  none of which are expected,  individually or in
     the  aggregate,  to  have  a  material  adverse  impact  on  the  Company's
     operations or financial position.

12. DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CANADIAN AND UNITED STATES GENERALLY ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING
PRINCIPLES

     Reconciliation to United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles

     The  financial  statements  of the Company have been prepared in accordance
     with Canadian generally accepted accounting  principles  ("Canadian GAAP"),
     which in most respects, conform to accounting principles generally accepted
     in the United States of America ("U.S.  GAAP").  Differences from U.S. GAAP
     having a significant  effect on the Company's balance sheets and statements
     of earnings  (loss) and retained  earnings  (deficit) and of cash flows are
     described and quantified below for the years indicated:

     (a)Under  U.S.  GAAP,   interest  costs  associated  with  certain  capital
        expenditures  are required to be  capitalized  as part of the historical
        cost of the oil and gas assets.  Under Canadian GAAP, the calculation of
        interest costs eligible for capitalization  differs from the calculation
        under U.S. GAAP in certain respects and is optional at the discretion of
        the entity.  Accordingly,  no amounts have been capitalized with respect
        to the  Canadian  GAAP  financial  statements.  The impact of  recording
        capitalized  interest  under U.S. GAAP would be to increase the carrying
        value of property and equipment by $168,000 in 2002 and $119,000 in 2001
        with a  corresponding  decrease  in interest  expense in the  respective
        periods. The cumulative decrease in interest expense under U.S. GAAP for
        years prior to 2001 was $69,000.


                                      F-63
<PAGE>



12.       DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CANADIAN AND UNITED STATESc GENERALLY ACCEPTED
          ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued)

     (b)In  September  2001,  Abraxas  acquired  the  remaining  non-controlling
        interest  of the  Company.  Consideration  was  comprised  of 0.6 common
        shares of Abraxas,  in exchange  for each common  share of the  Company.
        Under U.S.  GAAP,  the costs  assigned to assets and  liabilities by the
        acquiring  company  under  a  business  combination  are  considered  to
        constitute  a new  basis  of  accounting.  Accordingly,  the  historical
        carrying  values  of  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  subsidiary  are
        comprehensively  revalued  based  on the  purchase  price  assigned  for
        consolidation  purposes at the time it becomes  wholly owned ("push down
        accounting").  Under Canadian GAAP, comprehensive  revaluation of assets
        and liabilities in the financial  statements of a subsidiary  based on a
        purchase  transaction   involving  acquisition  of  all  of  the  equity
        interests is permitted,  but not required. Had the consolidation entries
        of Abraxas  related to the  acquisition  been  applied in the  Company's
        financial   statements  using  "push  down  accounting",   property  and
        equipment and future income tax liability would be reduced by $4,074,000
        and $1,736,000, respectively, accounts receivable would be increased and
        interest  and  financing  charges  decreased  by $984,000  (relating  to
        certain  costs  of the  transaction  paid  by  the  Company),  with  the
        remaining  amount of  $2,338,000  recorded as a  revaluation  adjustment
        within shareholders' equity.

     (c)Under U.S.  GAAP,  the  carrying  value of  petroleum  and  natural  gas
        properties  and related  facilities  at the balance  sheet date,  net of
        deferred income taxes and accumulated  site  restoration and abandonment
        liability,  is  limited to the  present  value of  after-tax  future net
        revenue from proven reserves,  discounted at 10 percent,  plus the lower
        of cost  and  fair  value  of  unproved  oil and gas  properties.  Under
        Canadian  GAAP,  the  "ceiling  test"  calculation  is  performed  using
        undiscounted  after-tax net revenues,  less future estimated general and
        administrative and financing costs plus the lower of cost and fair value
        of unproved oil and gas properties. Had the ceiling test been applied in
        accordance  with U.S. GAAP,  the write-down  recorded for the year ended
        December  31,  2002 would have been  lower by  $41,155,000  ($25,464,000
        after-tax).  There were no  differences  between the  application of the
        Canadian  and U.S.  GAAP  ceiling  tests in 2001,  or for years prior to
        2001.


                                      F-64
<PAGE>

12.       DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CANADIAN AND UNITED STATES GENERALLY ACCEPTED
          ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued)

     (d)Prior to 2000,  Canadian GAAP required the use of the deferral method of
        accounting for income taxes.  For fiscal  periods  beginning on or after
        January  1,  2000,  retroactive  adoption  of the  liability  method  of
        accounting  for income taxes was required,  which is  substantially  the
        same as Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  Statement No. 109 under
        U.S. GAAP. However, upon adoption of the new recommendation for Canadian
        GAAP,  companies  were  permitted to record the impact of differences in
        accounting and tax bases to retained  earnings as a one-time  transition
        adjustment.  Accordingly,  property and equipment would have been higher
        under  U.S.  GAAP by  $682,000  for 2002 and 2001  before  the impact of
        depletion. In addition, future income tax expense of $480,000 would have
        been recorded for 1999 under U.S. GAAP.

     (e)As a result of the Canadian - U.S. GAAP  differences  in  capitalization
        of  interest,  "push  down  accounting",  ceiling  test  write-down  and
        adoption of the  deferral  method of  accounting  for  incomes  taxes as
        outlined  in  (a),  (b),  (c)  and  (d),  respectively,   depletion  and
        depreciation  expense and property and  equipment  under U.S.  GAAP have
        been  adjusted  for each of the years ended  December 31, 2002 and 2001.
        The cumulative increase in depletion and depreciation  expense for years
        prior to 2001 was $246,000.

     (f)Future income taxes have been  adjusted for the year ended  December 31,
        2002 for the tax impact of the Canadian - U.S. GAAP differences outlined
        in (a) through (e). Except for the impact on future tax expense for 1999
        as noted in (d), the cumulative  impact on future income taxes for years
        prior to 2002 was not significant.

     (g)Prior to 2001,  Canadian GAAP  required the use of the imputed  earnings
        method for purposes of the  calculation  of fully  diluted  earnings per
        share.  For  fiscal  periods  beginning  on or after  January  1,  2001,
        retroactive application of the treasury stock method with restatement of
        prior periods is required,  which is substantially the same as Financial
        Accounting   Standards   Board   Statement  No.  128  under  U.S.  GAAP.
        Accordingly, no adjustments are required to conform the diluted earnings
        (loss) per share figures to U.S. GAAP,  except for the net income (loss)
        effect of the above-noted Canadian - U.S. GAAP differences identified.



                                      F-65
<PAGE>


12. DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CANADIAN AND UNITED STATES GENERALLYACCEPTED ACCOUNTING
PRINCIPLES (Continued)

     The application of U.S. GAAP would have the following effect on the
Statements of Earnings (Loss):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       Years Ended December 31,
                                                                  ----------------- -----------------
                                                                        2002              2001
                                                                         $                 $
                                                                  ----------------- -----------------

<S>                                                                       <C>                  <C>
      Net earnings (loss), as reported                                    (47,613)             4,135

         Capitalized interest (a)                                             168                119
         Depreciation, depletion and site restoration (e)                  (2,401)               (62)
         Write-down of petroleum and natural gas  properties
          and facilities (c)                                               41,155                 -
         Interest and financing charges (b)                                      -               984
         Future income tax expense (recovery) (f)                         (14,495)                -
                                                                  ----------------- -----------------

      Net earnings (loss), U.S. GAAP                                      (23,186)             5,176
                                                                  ----------------- -----------------

      Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share, as reported              (3.71)              0.32
         Effect of increase (decrease) in net earnings
         (loss) under U.S. GAAP                                              1.90               0.09
                                                                  ----------------- -----------------
      Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share, U.S. GAAP (g)            (1.81)              0.41
                                                                  ----------------- -----------------
</TABLE>



                                      F-66


<PAGE>



12. DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CANADIAN AND UNITED STATES GENERALLY ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING
PRINCIPLES (Continued)

     The application of U.S. GAAP would have the following effect on the Balance
Sheets:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                    As At December 31, 2002
                                          --------------------------------------------
                                                           Cumulative
                                               As           Increase         U.S.
                                            Reported       (Decrease)        GAAP
                                          -------------- ---------------- ------------

ASSETS

<S>                                           <C>                <C>          <C>
Accounts receivable (b)                       8,230              984          9,214
Property and equipment (a)(b)(c)(d)(e)
                                             23,401           35,414         58,815
Future income taxes (f)                      25,233          (12,759)        12,474

LIABILITIES

Future income taxes (d)(f)                        -                -              -

SHAREHOLDERS'
    EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)

Revaluation adjustment (b)                        -           (2,338)        (2,338)
Retained earnings (deficit)
(a)(b)(c)(d)(e)(f)                          (38,188)          25,977        (15,255)


</TABLE>



                                      F-67
<PAGE>

12. DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CANADIAN AND UNITED STATES GENERALLY ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING
PRINCIPLES (Continued)

     The application of U.S. GAAP would have the following effect on the
Statements of Cash Flows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Years Ended December 31,
                                                                          ------------- --------------
                                                                               2002         2001
                                                                                $             $
                                                                          ------------- --------------

    OPERATING ACTIVITIES

<S>                                                                             <C>          <C>
    Cash flow from operating activities, as reported                            8,712        14,814

    Increase (decrease) in:
       Net earnings (loss)                                                     24,427         1,041
       Depletion, depreciation and site restoration (e)                         2,401            62
       Write-down of petroleum and natural gas properties
            and facilities (c)                                                (41,155)            -
      Future income tax expense (recovery) (f)                                 14,495             -
      Changes in non-cash working capital items (b)                                 -          (984)
                                                                          ------------- --------------

    Cash flow from operating activities, U.S. GAAP                              8,880        14,933
                                                                          ------------- --------------

    INVESTING ACTIVITIES

    Net cash (used) provided by investing activities, as reported             (42,023)      (29,079)

       Increase in capital expenditures (a)                                      (168)         (119)
                                                                          ------------- --------------

    Net cash (used) provided by investing activities,
       U.S. GAAP                                                              (42,191)      (29,198)
                                                                          ------------- --------------
</TABLE>



                                      F-68
<PAGE>
12. DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CANADIAN AND UNITED STATES GENERALLY ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING
PRINCIPLES (Continued)

     Under Canadian GAAP,  companies are permitted to present a sub-total  prior
     to changes in non-cash  working capital within operating  activities.  This
     information is perceived to be useful  information for various users of the
     financial   statements  and  is  commonly   presented  by  Canadian  public
     companies. Under U.S. GAAP, this sub-total is not permitted to be shown and
     would be removed in the statements of cash flows for all periods presented.
     In  addition,  cash flow from  operations  per share  figures  would not be
     presented under U.S. GAAP.

     Recent U.S. Accounting Developments

     Statement No. 143, "Accounting for Asset Retirement  Obligations" (FAS 143)
     was released by the Financial  Accounting Standards Board in June 2001. FAS
     143 requires liability  recognition for retirement  obligations  associated
     with tangible long-lived assets. The initial amount of the asset retirement
     obligation is to be recorded at fair value. The asset retirement cost equal
     to the fair value of the retirement obligation is to be capitalized as part
     of the cost of the related  long-lived  asset and amortized to expense over
     the useful life of the asset. Enterprises are required to adopt FAS 143 for
     fiscal  years  beginning  after June 15,  2002.  The  Company is  currently
     assessing  the impact  that  adoption  of this  standard  would have on its
     financial  position  and results of  operations,  in  conjunction  with the
     January 23, 2003 transaction as described in Note 13.

     The Financial Accounting Standards Board also recently issued Statement No.
     144,  "Accounting for the Impairment of Disposal of Long-Lived Assets" (FAS
     144).  FAS 144 will  replace  previous  United  States  generally  accepted
     accounting  principles  regarding  accounting  for impairment of long-lived
     assets and accounting and reporting for  discontinued  operations.  FAS 144
     retains the  fundamental  provisions of the prior standard for  recognizing
     and measuring  impairment losses on long-lived  assets. FAS 144 retains the
     basic  provisions of the prior standard for  presentation  of  discontinued
     operations  in the income  statement,  but broadens  that  presentation  to
     include a  component  of an entity  rather  than a segment  of a  business.
     Enterprises  are required to adopt FAS 144 for fiscal years beginning after
     December  15,  2001.  The  Company  has  adopted  the  accounting  standard
     effective  January  1,  2002.  The  standard  is  not  expected  to  have a
     significant  future impact on the Company's  financial position and results
     of operations.


                                      F-69
<PAGE>






12. DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CANADIAN AND UNITED STATES GENERALLY ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING
PRINCIPLES (Continued)

     The Financial Accounting Standards Board also recently issued Statement No.
     146,  "Accounting for Costs  Associated  With Exit or Disposal  Activities"
     (FAS 146). FAS 146 addresses  financial  accounting and reporting for costs
     associated with exit or disposal  activities and nullifies  Emerging Issues
     Task Force  (EITF)  Issue No.  94-3,  "Liability  Recognition  for  Certain
     Employee   Termination  Benefits  and  Other  Costs  to  Exit  an  Activity
     (including Certain Costs Incurred in a  Restructuring)."  The provisions of
     this  Statement  are  effective  for exit or disposal  activities  that are
     initiated after December 31, 2002, with early application  encouraged.  The
     standard is not  expected  to have a  significant  impact on the  Company's
     financial position or results of operations.

13.  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

     On January 23, 2003,  Abraxas  completed the sale of all of the outstanding
     common shares of the Company to an unrelated third party (the  "Purchaser")
     for gross cash proceeds of approximately  $110,790,000,  subject to closing
     adjustments.  Upon  closing of the sale,  the Company was required to repay
     the outstanding  indebtedness  including  accrued interest under the Mirant
     Facility,  totaling  $72,847,000.  Prior to the sale, certain petroleum and
     natural gas assets of the Company with a net book value of $8,871,000  were
     transferred to a related  newly-formed  subsidiary of Abraxas, a portion of
     which  will be  developed  jointly  under  farmout  arrangements  with  the
     Purchaser.




                                      F-70


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
