<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>apb10k2004.txt
<TEXT>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                                   (Mark One)

[X]ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
   EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2004

[ ]TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
   EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                         Commission File Number 0-19118

                          ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION
                         ------------------------------

             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

                         Nevada                          74-2584033
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     (State or Other Jurisdiction of     (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)
      Incorporation or Organization)


                        500 N. Loop 1604 East, Suite 100
                            San Antonio, Texas 78232
                    (Address of principal executive offices)

         Registrant's telephone number,
         including area code                            (210)  490-4788

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:
                     Common Stock, par value $.01 per share

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:
                                      None

     Indicate  by check mark  whether the  registrant  (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during  the  preceding  12 months  (or for such  shorter  period  that the
registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No__

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ X ]

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) [ ] Yes [X] No


     The aggregate  market value of the voting stock (which  consists  solely of
shares of common stock) held by  non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30,
2004,  based  upon the  closing  per  share  price of  $1.66  was  approximately
$53,719,000 on such date.

     The number of shares of the registrant's  common stock, par value $0.01 per
share,  outstanding  as of  March  18,  2005  was  36,813,758  shares  of  which
32,715,439 shares were held by non-affiliates.


                                       1
<PAGE>
Documents  Incorporated  by  Reference:   Portions  of  the  registrant's  Proxy
Statement relating to the 2005 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June
1, 2005 have been incorporated by reference herein (Part III).



                                       2
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                          ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION
                                    FORM 10-K
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                     PART I
<S>                                                                                                  <C>
                                                                                                     Page

Item 1.  Business.......................................................................................5
          General.......................................................................................6
          Markets and Customers.........................................................................7
          Risk Factors..................................................................................8
          Regulation of  Natural Gas and Crude Oil Activities..........................................14
          Environmental Matters  ......................................................................16
          Title to Properties..........................................................................17
          Employees....................................................................................17

Item 2.  Properties....................................................................................18
          Primary Operating Areas......................................................................18
          Exploratory and Developmental Acreage........................................................18
          Productive Wells.............................................................................19
          Reserves Information.........................................................................19
          Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Production and Sales Prices ..................21
          Drilling Activities..........................................................................21
          Office Facilities............................................................................22
          Other Properties.............................................................................22

Item 3.   Legal Proceedings............................................................................23

Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders..........................................23

Item 4A.  Executive Officers of Abraxas................................................................23


                                     PART II

Item 5.   Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
          Purchases of Equity Securities...............................................................24
          Market Information...........................................................................24
          Holders......................................................................................24
          Dividends....................................................................................24
          Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities......................................................24

Item 6.   Selected Financial Data......................................................................25

Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations........26
          General......................................................................................26
          Results of Operations........................................................................28
          Liquidity and Capital Resources..............................................................32
          Critical Accounting Policies.................................................................41
          New Accounting Pronouncements................................................................43

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk...................................43

Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data..................................................44

Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
          on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.......................................................44

                                       3
<PAGE>

Item 9A.   Controls and Procedures.....................................................................45

Item 9B.  Other Information............................................................................45
                                    PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant  .........................................45

Item 11.  Executive Compensation.......................................................................45

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
           Related Stockholder Matters.................................................................45

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions...............................................45

Item 14.  Principal Accounting  Fees and Services .....................................................46

                                     PART IV

Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules......................................................46


           SIGNATURES..................................................................................50

</TABLE>


                                       4
<PAGE>


                           FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

     We make forward-looking  statements throughout this document.  Whenever you
read a statement  that is not simply a  statement  of  historical  fact (such as
statements  including words like "believe",  "expect",  "anticipate",  "intend",
"plan", "seek", "estimate",  "could", "potentially" or similar expressions), you
must  remember  that  these  are  forward  looking  statements,   and  that  our
expectations may not be correct, even though we believe they are reasonable. The
forward-looking  information  contained in this document is generally located in
the material set forth under the headings "Summary" "Risk Factors",  "Business",
and "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" but may be found in other locations as well.  These  forward-looking
statements  generally  relate to our plans and objectives for future  operations
and are based upon our  management's  reasonable  estimates of future results or
trends.  The factors that may affect our  expectations  regarding our operations
include, among others, the following:

     o   our high debt level;

     o   our success in development, exploitation and exploration activities;

     o   our ability to make planned capital expenditures;

     o   declines in our production of natural gas and crude oil;

     o   prices for natural gas and crude oil;

     o   our ability to raise equity capital or incur additional indebtedness;

     o   political  and  economic   conditions   in  oil  producing   countries,
         especially those in the Middle East;

     o   prices and availability of alternative fuels;

     o   our restrictive debt covenants;

     o   our acquisition and divestiture activities;

     o   results of our hedging activities; and

     o   other factors discussed elsewhere in this report.

                                     PART I

Item 1. Business


     As part of a series of  restructuring  transactions  approved  in 2004,  we
adopted  a  plan  to  dispose  of our  operations  and  interest  in  Grey  Wolf
Exploration  Inc.("Grey  Wolf"), a wholly-owned  Canadian  subsidiary of Abraxas
Petroleum  Corporation.  In February 2005 Grey Wolf closed on an initial  public
offering ("IPO")  resulting in our substantial  divestiture of our capital stock
in Grey Wolf. As a result of the disposal of Grey Wolf the results of operations
of Grey Wolf are reflected in our Financial  Statements  and in this document as
"Discontinued  Operations"  and our remaining  operations are referred to in our
Financial  Statements  and  in  this  document  as  "Continuing  Operations"  or
"Continued  Operations".   Unless  otherwise  noted,  all  disclosures  are  for
continuing operations. See Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements in Item 8.

     In this report,  PV-10 means estimated  future net revenue  discounted at a
rate of 10% per annum,  before income taxes and with no price or cost escalation
or de-escalation in accordance with guidelines promulgated by the Securities and
Exchange  Commission.  A Mcf is one thousand  cubic feet of natural gas. MMcf is
used to  designate  one million  cubic feet of natural gas and Bcf refers to one
billion cubic feet of natural gas. Mcfe means thousands of cubic feet of natural
gas equivalents,  using a conversion ratio of one barrel of crude oil to six Mcf
of natural gas.  MMcfe means  millions of cubic feet of natural gas  equivalents
and Bcfe means  billions of cubic feet of natural gas  equivalents.  MMBtu means
million  British  Thermal  Units.  The term Bbl means one barrel of crude oil or


                                       5
<PAGE>

natural gas liquids and MBbls is used to designate one thousand barrels of crude
oil or natural gas liquids.

General

     We are an independent  energy company  primarily engaged in the development
and production of natural gas and crude oil. Historically, we have grown through
the  acquisition  and  subsequent  development  and  exploitation  of  producing
properties,  principally  through the  redevelopment of old fields utilizing new
technologies  such as modern log analysis and reservoir  modeling  techniques as
well as 3-D  seismic  surveys  and  horizontal  drilling.  As a result  of these
activities,  we  believe  that  we  have a  substantial  inventory  of low  risk
development opportunities,  which provide a basis for significant production and
reserve  increases.  In addition,  we intend to expand upon our exploitation and
development  activities with complementary low risk exploration  projects in our
core areas of operation.

     Our core areas of  operation  are in south and west Texas and east  central
Wyoming.  Our  current  producing  properties  are  typically  characterized  by
long-lived reserves,  established production profiles and an emphasis on natural
gas At December 31, 2004,  we owned  interests in 93,341 gross acres (81,748 net
acres)  applicable  to  our  continuing  operations,   and  operated  properties
accounting for approximately 95% of our PV-10,  affording us substantial control
over the timing  and  incurrence  of  operating  and  capital  expenditures.  At
December  31,  2004  estimated  total  proved  reserves  were  93.7 Bcfe with an
aggregate PV-10 of $149.0 million. We participated in the drilling of 4 gross (4
net) wells with 3 gross (3 net) wells being successful. We invested $9.3 million
in capital spending on these activities during 2004.

     We believe that our high  quality  asset base,  high degree of  operational
control and large inventory of drilling projects positions us for future growth.
Our  properties  are  concentrated  in  locations  that  facilitate  substantial
economies of scale in drilling and production operations and efficient reservoir
management  practices.  In addition, we have 47 proved undeveloped locations and
have identified over 100 drilling and recompletion opportunities on our existing
acreage,  the  successful  development  of which we believe could  significantly
increase our daily production and proved reserves.

     In January 2003, we completed a series of transactions,  which we sometimes
refer to as the January 2003 financial restructuring, including the sale of most
of our  Canadian  producing  properties  and the  issuance by Abraxas of 11 1/2%
secured  notes due 2007.  The terms of those  notes  limited our ability to make
capital  expenditures  exceeding $10 million per year,  which caused us to put a
priority on those projects which allowed us to maintain our leasehold  positions
and comply with drilling requirements on non-operated properties, rather than on
those  opportunities which we believed had the greatest potential for increasing
our production and reserves.

     On October 28,  2004,  in order to provide us with greater  flexibility  in
conducting our business,  including  increasing  capital spending and exploiting
our additional  drilling  opportunities,  we refinanced all of our then existing
indebtedness by redeeming our 11 1/2% secured notes due 2007 and terminating our
previous credit facility with the net proceeds from:

     o   the private  issuance of $125.0 million  aggregate  principal amount of
         the Floating Rate Senior Secured Notes due 2009, Series A;

     o   the proceeds of our $25.0 million  second lien  increasing  rate bridge
         loan; and

     o   the payment to us by Grey Wolf of $35.0  million  from the  proceeds of
         Grey Wolf's $35.0 million term loan.

     Interest  on the bridge loan  currently  accrues at a rate of 12% per annum
until  October 28, 2005,  and will be payable  monthly in cash.  Interest on the
Bridge  Loan  will  thereafter  accrue at a rate of 15% per  annum,  and will be
payable in-kind.  Subject to earlier  termination  rights and events of default,
the bridge  loan's  stated  maturity  date is October 28,  2010.  We  originally
borrowed the full $25 million  under the bridge  loan,  but paid down the bridge
loan to  approximately  $5.4 million in February 2005 with the proceeds from the
sale of secondary  shares  offered by us in  connection  with the Grey Wolf IPO,
described below.

                                       6
<PAGE>

     Until the Grey Wolf term loan was re-paid in full with the  proceeds of the
Grey Wolf IPO completed in February  2005, as described  below,  interest on the
term loan accrued at the prime rate announced by the term loan's  administrative
agent plus 6.25%.  Such  interest  was payable  quarterly in cash with the first
interest  payment  having  been made on  January  1,  2005.  Subject  to earlier
termination  rights  and events of  default,  the Grey Wolf term loan would have
matured on October 29, 2009.

     As a part of the October 2004 refinancing, we also entered into a new $15.0
million senior secured revolving credit facility,  under which we currently have
availability  of  approximately  $13.0  million.  Our new credit  facility has a
maximum commitment of $15 million, which includes a $2.5 million subfacility for
letters of credit.  Availability  under the new credit  facility is subject to a
borrowing base  consistent  with normal and customary  natural gas and crude oil
lending  transactions.  Outstanding  amounts under the new credit  facility bear
interest at the prime rate announced by Wells Fargo Bank,  National  Association
plus 1.00%. Subject to earlier termination rights and events of default, the new
credit facility's stated maturity date is October 28, 2008.

     In February  2005, we completed an exchange offer pursuant to which all the
Floating  Rate  Senior  Secured  Notes due  2009,  Series A were  exchanged  for
Floating Rate Senior Secured Notes due 2009,  Series B. These new notes continue
to accrue  interest  from the date of issuance at a per annum  floating  rate of
6-month LIBOR plus 7.50%.  The initial interest rate on these new notes is 9.72%
per  annum.  The  interest  rate  will  reset  semi-annually  on each June 1 and
December  1,   commencing  on  June  1,  2005.   Interest  is  payable  in  cash
semi-annually  in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year,  commencing  on
June 1, 2005.

     Also as  part of the  restructuring  plan  in  2004 we  approved  a plan to
dispose of our operations and interest in Grey Wolf. In February 2005, Grey Wolf
closed on an  initial  public  offering  ("IPO")  resulting  in our  substantial
divestiture of our capital stock in Grey Wolf. Net proceeds of approximately $37
million  from the  offering by Grey Wolf of  treasury  shares were used to repay
Grey Wolf's term loan in its entirety and eliminate its working capital deficit.
Net proceeds of  approximately  $20 million from the secondary  share offered by
Abraxas  were used to reduce the  amount  outstanding  under its bridge  loan to
approximately $5.4 million.

     On March 24, 2005, we were advised of the underwriter's  intent to exercise
3.5 million of the over allotment shares. Closing for this exercise is scheduled
for March 31,2005 and will provide  approximately $7.5 million that Abraxas will
utilize  to payoff the  remaining  balance of its  Bridge  Loan.  The  remaining
proceeds  of  approximately  $2 million  will be used to pay down our  revolving
credit facility to, effectively, zero.

Markets and Customers

     The revenue generated by our operations is highly dependent upon the prices
of, and demand  for,  natural gas and crude oil.  Historically,  the markets for
natural  gas and crude oil have been  volatile  and are likely to continue to be
volatile in the future.  The prices we receive for our natural gas and crude oil
production  are  subject to wide  fluctuations  and depend on  numerous  factors
beyond our control  including  seasonality,  the  condition of the United States
economy  (particularly the  manufacturing  sector),  foreign imports,  political
conditions in other crude oil-producing and natural gas-producing countries, the
actions of the  Organization  of  Petroleum  Exporting  Countries  and  domestic
regulation, legislation and policies. Decreases in the prices of natural gas and
crude oil have had,  and could  have in the  future,  an  adverse  effect on the
carrying value of our proved  reserves and our revenue,  profitability  and cash
flow from operations. You should read the discussion under "Risk Factors - Risks
Relating to Our Industry -- Market  conditions for natural gas and crude oil and
particularly  volatility of prices for natural gas and crude oil could adversely
affect our revenues,  cash flows,  profitability  and Growth" and  "Management's
Discussion  and  Analysis of  Financial  Condition  and Results of  Operations -
Critical  Accounting  Policies" for more information  relating to the effects of
decreases in natural gas and crude oil prices on us.

     Substantially  all of our  natural  gas and  crude  oil is sold at  current
market prices under  short-term  arrangements,  as is customary in the industry.
During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2004  two   purchasers   accounted  for
approximately  64% of our natural gas and crude oil sales. We believe that there


                                       7
<PAGE>

are numerous other companies available to purchase our natural gas and crude oil
and that the loss of one or more of these purchasers would not materially affect
our ability to sell natural gas and crude oil.


Risk Factors

Risks Related to Our Business

     We have a highly leveraged  capital  structure,  which limits our operating
     and financial flexibility.

         We have a highly leveraged capital  structure.  We currently have total
indebtedness,  including the notes, of approximately $126 million,  all of which
is secured indebtedness.

         Our highly  leveraged  capital  structure  will have several  important
effects on our future operations, including:

         o    A  substantial  amount of our cash flow  from  operations  will be
              required  to service our  indebtedness  (including  cash  interest
              payments  on the  notes),  which will  reduce the funds that would
              otherwise be available for operations,  capital  expenditures  and
              expansion opportunities, including developing our properties;

         o    The covenants  contained in our new revolving  credit facility and
              bridge loan require us to meet certain  financial tests and comply
              with certain other restrictions,  including limitations on capital
              expenditures.  These  restrictions,  together  with  those  in the
              indenture  governing  the new  notes,  may  limit our  ability  to
              undertake  certain  activities  and  respond  to  changes  in  our
              business and our industry;

         o    Our debt  level  may  impair  our  ability  to  obtain  additional
              capital, through equity offerings or debt financings,  for working
              capital, capital expenditures, or refinancing of indebtdness;

         o    Our debt level makes us more vulnerable to economic  downturns and
              adverse  developments  in our  industry  (especially  declines  in
              natural gas and crude oil prices) and the economy in general; and

         o    The notes and the new  revolving  credit  facility  are subject to
              variable interest rates which makes us vulnerable to interest rate
              increases.

     We may not be able to fund the substantial  capital  expenditures that will
     be required for us to increase our reserves and our production.

         We are required to make substantial capital expenditures to develop our
existing reserves and to discover new reserves.  Historically,  we have financed
our capital  expenditures  primarily with cash flow from operations,  borrowings
under  credit  facilities  and sales of producing  properties,  and we expect to
continue to do so in the future; however, we cannot assure you that we will have
sufficient capital resources in the future to finance our capital expenditures.

         Volatility  in  natural  gas and crude oil  prices,  the  timing of our
drilling  program  and our  drilling  results  will  affect  our cash  flow from
operations. Lower prices and/or lower production will also decrease revenues and
cash flow, thus reducing the amount of financial resources available to meet our
capital  requirements,  including  reducing  the amount  available to pursue our
drilling opportunities.  If our cash flow from operations does not increase as a
result of our planned  capital  expenditures,  a greater  percentage of our cash
flow from operations will be required for debt service  (including cash interest
payments on the notes) and our planned capital expenditures would, by necessity,
be decreased.

         The  borrowing  base under the new  revolving  credit  facility will be
determined  from time to time by our lenders , consistent  with their  customary
natural gas and crude oil lending  practices.  Reductions  in  estimates  of our
natural gas and crude oil reserves  could result in a reduction in our borrowing
base, which would reduce the amount of financial  resources  available under the
new revolving credit facility to meet our capital requirements. Such a reduction


                                       8
<PAGE>

could be the result of lower commodity prices or production,  inability to drill
or unfavorable  drilling  results,  changes in natural gas and crude oil reserve
engineering,  the lenders'  inability to agree to an adequate  borrowing base or
adverse changes in the lenders' practices regarding estimation of reserves.

         If cash flow from  operations  or our  borrowing  base decrease for any
reason, our ability to undertake  exploitation and development  activities could
be adversely  affected.  As a result,  our ability to replace  production may be
limited.  In addition,  if the  borrowing  base under our new  revolving  credit
facility is reduced, we would be required to reduce our borrowings under the new
revolving  credit  facility so that such  borrowings do not exceed the borrowing
base.  This could further reduce the cash  available to us for capital  spending
and, if we did not have sufficient  capital to reduce our borrowing level, could
cause us to default under the new revolving credit  facility,  the notes and the
bridge loan.

         We have sold  producing  properties  to provide us with  liquidity  and
capital resources in the past and may do so in the future.  After any such sale,
we would expect to utilize the proceeds to drill new wells. If we cannot replace
the production  lost from  properties  sold with production from new properties,
our cash flow  from  operations  will  likely  decrease  which,  in turn,  would
decrease the amount of cash  available for debt service and  additional  capital
spending.


     We may be unable to acquire or develop additional  reserves,  in which case
     our  results of  operations  and  financial  condition  would be  adversely
     affected.

         Our future  natural gas and crude oil  production,  and  therefore  our
success,  is highly  dependent  upon our  ability to find,  acquire  and develop
additional reserves that are profitable to produce.  The rate of production from
our natural gas and crude oil properties and our proved reserves will decline as
our reserves are produced  unless we acquire  additional  properties  containing
proved reserves,  conduct successful development and exploitation activities or,
through engineering studies,  identify additional behind-pipe zones or secondary
recovery reserves.  We cannot assure you that our exploration,  exploitation and
development activities will result in increases in our proved reserves. While we
have had some  success in pursuing  these  activities,  we have not been able to
fully  replace the  production  volumes  lost from  natural  field  declines and
property  sales.  As our  proved  reserves,  and  consequently  our  production,
decline, our cash flow from operations and the amount that we are able to borrow
under  the new  revolving  credit  facility  will  also  decline.  In  addition,
approximately  49% of our total  estimated  proved reserves at December 31, 2004
were undeveloped.  By their nature,  estimates of undeveloped  reserves are less
certain. Recovery of such reserves will require significant capital expenditures
and successful drilling operations.

         Prior to the January 2003  financial  restructuring,  we  implemented a
number of measures to conserve our cash  resources,  including  postponement  of
drilling projects. While these measures helped conserve our cash resources, they
also limited our ability to replenish our depleting reserves.  While the 11 1/2%
secured notes due 2007 were outstanding,  we also postponed drilling projects as
a result of the capital  spending  limitations that existed in those notes. As a
result, our current producing  properties have continued to deplete, and we have
not been able to drill new wells at a rate  that we would  have  desired  in the
absence of these limitations. The terms of the new revolving credit facility and
the bridge loan place limits on our capital expenditures,  which could limit our
ability to replenish our reserves and increase production.

     Restrictive  debt  covenants  could  limit our  growth  and our  ability to
     finance  our  operations,  fund our  capital  needs,  respond  to  changing
     conditions and engage in other business  activities that may be in our best
     interests.

         The new  revolving  credit  facility,  bridge  loan  and the  indenture
governing the notes contain a number of significant  covenants that, among other
things, limit our ability to:

         o     Incur or  guarantee  additional  indebtedness  and issue  certain
               types of preferred stock or redeemable stock;

         o     transfer or sell assets;

         o     create liens on assets;

                                       9
<PAGE>

         o     pay  dividends or make other  distributions  on capital  stock or
               make other restricted payments, including repurchasing, redeeming
               or retiring capital stock or subordinated  debt or making certain
               investments or acquisitions;

         o     engage in transactions with affiliates;

         o     guarantee other indebtedness;

         o     make any change in the principal nature of our business;

         o     prepay,  redeem,  purchase or otherwise acquire any of our or our
               restricted subsidiaries' indebtedness;

         o     permit a change of control;

         o     directly or indirectly make or acquire any investment;

         o     cause a restricted subsidiary to issue or sell our capital stock;
               and

         o     consolidate,  merge or transfer all or  substantially  all of the
               consolidated assets of Abraxas and our restricted subsidiaries.

         In addition,  the new revolving credit facility and bridge loan require
us to maintain  compliance with specified  financial  ratios and satisfy certain
financial condition tests. Our ability to comply with these ratios and financial
condition  tests may be affected  by events  beyond our  control,  and we cannot
assure you that we will meet these ratios and financial  condition tests.  These
financial  ratio  restrictions  and  financial  condition  tests could limit our
ability to obtain future financings, make needed capital expenditures, withstand
a future downturn in our business or the economy in general or otherwise conduct
necessary or desirable corporate activities.

         A breach of any of these  covenants or our inability to comply with the
required financial ratios or financial condition tests could result in a default
under the new  revolving  credit  facility  and  bridge  loan and the  notes.  A
default,  if not  cured or  waived,  could  result  in all of our  indebtedness,
including the notes, becoming immediately due and payable. If that should occur,
we may not be able  to pay all  such  debt  or to  borrow  sufficient  funds  to
refinance it. Even if new financing were then available,  it may not be on terms
that  are  acceptable  to us.  See  "Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis  of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Long-Term Indebtedness."

     The marketability of our production  depends largely upon the availability,
     proximity  and capacity of natural gas  gathering  systems,  pipelines  and
     processing facilities.

         The marketability of our production depends in part upon processing and
transportation  facilities.  Transportation  space on such gathering systems and
pipelines is  occasionally  limited and at times  unavailable  due to repairs or
improvements  being made to such  facilities or due to such space being utilized
by other  companies  with  priority  transportation  agreements.  Our  access to
transportation options can also be affected by U.S. Federal and state regulation
of natural gas and crude oil production  and  transportation,  general  economic
conditions and changes in supply and demand.  These factors and the availability
of markets are beyond our control.  If market factors  dramatically  change, the
financial  impact on us could be substantial and adversely affect our ability to
produce and market natural gas and crude oil.

     Hedging transactions have in the past and may in the future impact our cash
     flow from operations.

         We enter  into  hedging  arrangements  from time to time to reduce  our
exposure to fluctuations in natural gas and crude oil prices and to achieve more
predictable  cash flow. In 2002 and 2003, we  experienced  hedging costs of $1.5
million  and  $842,000,  respectively;  resulting  from the  price  ceilings  we
established being exceeded by the index prices.  For the year ended December 31,
2004 we  recognized a gain from hedging  activities of  approximately  $118,000.
Currently,  we believe our hedging arrangements,  which are in the form of price


                                       10
<PAGE>

floors,  do not expose us to significant  financial  risk.  Although our hedging
activities  may limit our  exposure  to  declines  in natural  gas and crude oil
prices, such activities may also limit and have in the past limited,  additional
revenues from increases in natural gas and crude oil prices.

     We cannot assure you that the hedging transactions we have entered into, or
     will enter into,  will  adequately  protect us from  financial  loss due to
     circumstances such as:

         o    highly volatile natural gas and crude oil prices;

         o    our production being less than expected; or

         o    a counterparty  to one of our hedging  transactions  defaulting on
              our contractual obligations.

         We have experienced recurring significant operating losses.

         We recorded net losses from continuing  operations for 2002 and 2003 of
$55.2 million and $14.1 million, respectively.

     Lower  natural  gas and  crude  oil  prices  increase  the risk of  ceiling
     limitation write-downs.

         We use the full cost  method to account  for our  natural gas and crude
oil operations.  Accordingly, we capitalize the cost to acquire, explore for and
develop natural gas and crude oil properties.  Under full cost accounting rules,
the net capitalized  cost of natural gas and crude oil properties may not exceed
a "ceiling limit" which is based upon the present value of estimated  future net
cash flows from proved reserves,  discounted at 10%. If net capitalized costs of
natural gas and crude oil properties  exceed the ceiling  limit,  we must charge
the  amount of the  excess to  earnings.  This is called a  "ceiling  limitation
write-down."  This charge does not impact cash flow from  operating  activities,
but does reduce our stockholders' equity and earnings.  The risk that we will be
required  to  write-down  the  carrying  value  of  natural  gas and  crude  oil
properties increases when natural gas and crude oil prices are low. In addition,
write-downs may occur if we experience  substantial  downward adjustments to our
estimated proved reserves. An expense recorded in one period may not be reversed
in a subsequent  period even though higher  natural gas and crude oil prices may
have increased the ceiling applicable to the subsequent period.

         We have incurred ceiling limitation write-downs in the past. At June
30, 2002, for example, we recorded a ceiling limitation write-down of $28.2
million. We cannot assure you that we will not experience additional ceiling
limitation write-downs in the future.

     Use of our net operating loss carryforwards may be limited.

         At December  31,  2004,  we had,  subject to the  limitation  discussed
below, $184.0 million of net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. tax purposes.
These loss carryforwards will expire through 2022 if not utilized.  In addition,
as to a portion of the U.S. net operating loss carryforwards, the amount of such
carryforwards  that we can use annually is limited under U.S. tax law. Moreover,
uncertainties  exist  as  to  the  future  utilization  of  the  operating  loss
carryforwards  under the  criteria  set forth  under  FASB  Statement  No.  109.
Therefore,  we have established a valuation allowance of $73.2 million and $73.0
million for deferred tax assets at December 31, 2003 and 2004, respectively.

     We depend on our  Chairman,  President and CEO and the loss of his services
     could have an adverse effect on our operations.

         We depend to a large extent on Robert L. G. Watson, our Chairman of the
Board,  President and Chief Executive  Officer,  for our management and business
and financial contacts.  Mr. Watson may terminate his employment  agreement with
us at any time on 30 days notice,  but, if he terminates without cause, he would
not be  entitled  to the  severance  benefits  provided  under the terms of that
agreement.  Mr. Watson is not precluded from working for, with or on behalf of a
competitor  upon  termination of his  employment  with us. If Mr. Watson were no
longer able or willing to act as our  Chairman,  the loss of his services  could
have an adverse effect on our  operations.  In addition,  in connection with the
Grey Wolf IPO,  Abraxas,  Grey Wolf and Mr.  Watson agreed that Mr. Watson would
continue to serve as Chief  Executive  Officer and  President for Abraxas and as
the Chief Executive  Officer for Grey Wolf, with Mr. Watson devoting  two-thirds


                                       11
<PAGE>

of his time to his  positions  and duties with Abraxas and one-third of his time
to his position  and duties with Grey Wolf.

Risks Related to Our Industry

     We may not find  any  commercially  productive  natural  gas or  crude  oil
     reservoirs.

         We cannot  assure you that the new wells we drill will be productive or
that we will recover all or any portion of our capital investment.  Drilling for
natural  gas and crude  oil may be  unprofitable.  Dry holes and wells  that are
productive but do not produce sufficient net revenues after drilling,  operating
and other costs are unprofitable.  The inherent risk of not finding commercially
productive  reservoirs  will be  compounded  by the fact  that 49% of our  total
estimated  proved  reserves at  December  31,  2004 were  undeveloped.  By their
nature,  estimates of  undeveloped  reserves are less certain.  Recovery of such
reserves will require significant  capital  expenditures and successful drilling
operations.  In addition,  our  properties  may be  susceptible to drainage from
production by other operations on adjacent properties.  If the volume of natural
gas and crude oil we  produce  decreases,  our cash  flow from  operations  will
decrease.

     We operate in a highly competitive  industry which may adversely affect our
     operations,  including our ability to secure drilling  equipment to service
     our core areas.

         We operate in a highly competitive environment. The principal resources
necessary for the  exploration  and  production of natural gas and crude oil are
leasehold  prospects  under  which  natural  gas and crude oil  reserves  may be
discovered, drilling rigs and related equipment to explore for such reserves and
knowledgeable  personnel  to conduct  all  phases of  natural  gas and crude oil
operations.  We must compete for such  resources with both major natural gas and
crude oil companies and independent  operators.  Many of these  competitors have
financial and other resources  substantially  greater than ours. In the past, we
have had difficulty  securing  drilling  equipment in certain of our core areas.
Although we believe our current  operating and financial  resources are adequate
to preclude  any  significant  disruption  of our  operations  in the  immediate
future, we cannot assure you that such materials and resources will be available
to us.

     Market conditions for natural gas and crude oil, and particularly
     volatility of prices for natural gas and crude oil, could adversely affect
     our revenue, cash flows, profitability and growth. .

         Our revenue, cash flows, profitability and future rate of growth depend
substantially  upon prevailing prices for natural gas and crude oil. Natural gas
prices affect us more than crude oil prices  because most of our  production and
reserves are natural gas.  Prices also affect the amount of cash flow  available
for capital  expenditures  and our ability to borrow  money or raise  additional
capital.  Lower prices may also make it uneconomical  for us to increase or even
continue current production levels of natural gas and crude oil.

         Prices for natural gas and crude oil are subject to large fluctuations
in response to relatively minor changes in the supply and demand for natural gas
and crude oil, market uncertainty and a variety of other factors beyond our
control, including:

         o    changes in foreign and domestic  supply and demand for natural gas
              and crude oil;

         o    political  stability  and  economic  conditions  in oil  producing
              countries,  particularly  in the Middle East;  o general  economic
              conditions.

         o    Domestic and foreign governmental regulation; and

         o    The price and availability of alternative fuel sources.

         In addition to  decreasing  our revenue and cash flow from  operations,
low or declining natural gas and crude oil prices could have additional material
adverse effects on us, such as:

                                       12
<PAGE>

         o    reducing  the overall  volume of natural gas and crude oil that we
              can produce economically

         o    reducing our borrowing base under the new credit facility; and

         o    thereby  adversely  affecting our revenue,  profitability and cash
              flow and our ability to perform our  obligations  with  respect to
              the notes; and

         o    impairing our borrowing  capacity and our ability to obtain equity
              capital.

     Estimates of our proved  reserves and future net revenue are  uncertain and
     inherently imprecise.

         The process of estimating natural gas and crude oil reserves is complex
involving  decisions and  assumptions  in the evaluating  available  geological,
geophysical,  engineering  and economic data.  Accordingly,  these estimates are
imprecise. Actual future production, natural gas and crude oil prices, revenues,
taxes,   development   expenditures,   operating   expenses  and  quantities  of
recoverable  natural gas and crude oil reserves most likely will vary from those
estimated.  Any  significant  variance  could  materially  affect the  estimated
quantities and present value of reserves set forth in this report.  In addition,
we may  adjust  estimates  of proved  reserves  to reflect  production  history,
results of exploitation  and development,  prevailing  natural gas and crude oil
prices and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.

         The estimates of our reserves are based upon various  assumptions about
future production levels, prices and costs that may not prove to be correct over
time. In particular, estimates of natural gas and crude oil reserves, future net
revenue from proved reserves and the PV-10 thereof for the natural gas and crude
oil gas  properties  described in this report are based on the  assumption  that
future natural gas and crude oil prices remain the same as crude oil and natural
gas  prices at  December  31,  2004.  The sales  prices as of such date used for
purposes of such estimates were $41.01 per Bbl of crude oil and $4.94 per Mcf of
natural gas. This compares with $31.03 per Bbl of crude oil and $5.05 per Mcf of
natural gas as of December 31, 2003.  These  estimates  also assume that we will
make future capital expenditures of approximately $45.0 million in the aggregate
through 2019, the majority  expected to be incurred from 2005 to 2008, which are
necessary to develop and realize the value of proved undeveloped reserves on our
properties.  Any significant  variance in actual results from these  assumptions
could also  materially  affect the estimated  quantity and value of reserves set
forth in this report.

         The present value of future net revenues referred to in this report may
not be the  current  market  value of our  estimated  natural  gas and crude oil
reserves.  In accordance with SEC requirements,  the estimated discounted future
net cash flows from proved  reserves are generally  based on prices and costs as
of the end of the period of the estimate.  Actual future prices and costs may be
materially  higher or lower  than the prices and costs as of the end of the year
of the  estimate.  Any changes in  consumption  by natural gas  purchasers or in
governmental  regulations  or taxation  will also affect  actual future net cash
flows.  The timing of both the production and the expenses from the  development
and production of natural gas and crude oil properties will affect the timing of
actual future net cash flows from proved  reserves and their present  value.  In
addition,  the 10% discount  factor,  which is required by the SEC to be used in
calculating  discounted  future net cash flows for  reporting  purposes,  is not
necessarily the most accurate  discount factor.  The effective  interest rate at
various times and the risks  associated with us or the natural gas and crude oil
industry in general will affect the accuracy of the 10% discount factor.

     Our  operations  are subject to numerous risks of natural gas and crude oil
     drilling and production activities.

         Our natural gas and crude oil drilling and  production  activities  are
subject to numerous  risks,  many of which are beyond our  control.  These risks
include  the risk of  fire,  explosions,  blow-outs,  pipe  failure,  abnormally
pressured formations and environmental  hazards.  Environmental  hazards include
oil spills,  natural gas leaks,  ruptures  and  discharges  of toxic  gases.  In
addition,  title  problems,  weather  conditions and mechanical  difficulties or
shortages  or delays in  delivery  of drilling  rigs and other  equipment  could
negatively  affect our  operations.  If any of these or other  similar  industry
operating risks occur, we could have substantial losses. Substantial losses also
may result  from  injury or loss of life,  severe  damage to or  destruction  of
property, clean-up responsibilities,  regulatory investigation and penalties and
suspension of  operations.  In accordance  with industry  practice,  we maintain


                                       13
<PAGE>

insurance  against some, but not all, of the risks  described  above.  We cannot
assure you that our insurance  will be adequate to cover losses or  liabilities.
Also,  we cannot  predict the  continued  availability  of  insurance at premium
levels that justify its purchase.

     Our natural gas and crude oil  operations  are subject to various  Federal,
     state and local regulations that materially affect our operations.

         Matters regulated include permits for drilling operations, drilling and
abandonment  bonds,  reports  concerning  operations,  the  spacing of wells and
unitization and pooling of properties and taxation. At various times, regulatory
agencies have imposed price controls and limitations on production.  In order to
conserve  supplies of natural gas and crude oil, these agencies have  restricted
the rates of flow of natural  gas and crude oil wells  below  actual  production
capacity. Federal, state and local laws regulate production,  handling, storage,
transportation  and  disposal  of natural  gas and crude oil,  by-products  from
natural gas and crude oil and other substances and materials produced or used in
connection with natural gas and crude oil operations.  To date, our expenditures
related  to  complying   with  these  laws  and  for   remediation  of  existing
environmental contamination have not been significant. We believe that we are in
substantial  compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.  However,  the
requirements  of such laws and  regulations  are frequently  changed.  We cannot
predict the ultimate cost of compliance with these  requirements or their effect
on our operations.

Regulation of Natural Gas and Crude Oil Activities

         The  exploration,   production  and  transportation  of  all  types  of
hydrocarbons are subject to significant governmental regulations. Our operations
are affected from time to time in varying degrees by political  developments and
federal,  state and local laws and  regulations.  In  particular,  crude oil and
natural gas  production  operations and economics are, or in the past have been,
affected by industry  specific  price  controls,  taxes,  conservation,  safety,
environmental,  and other laws relating to the petroleum industry, by changes in
such laws and by constantly changing administrative regulations.

     Price Regulations

         In the past,  maximum  selling  prices for certain  categories of crude
oil,  natural  gas,  condensate  and NGLs were  subject to  significant  federal
regulation.  At the present time,  however,  all sales of our crude oil, natural
gas,  condensate and NGLs produced under private contracts may be sold at market
prices.  Congress  could,  however,  re-enact price  controls in the future.  If
controls  that limit prices to below market  rates are  instituted,  our revenue
would be adversely affected.

     Natural Gas Regulation

         Historically, the natural gas industry as a whole has been more heavily
regulated  than  the  crude  oil  or  other  liquid  hydrocarbons  market.  Most
regulations focused on transportation  practices.  Currently, the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission ("FERC), requires each interstate pipeline to, among other
things,  "unbundle" its  traditional  bundled sales services and create and make
available on an open and  nondiscriminatory  basis numerous constituent services
(such  as  gathering   services,   storage  services,   firm  and  interruptible
transportation  services, and standby sales and natural gas balancing services),
and to adopt a new  ratemaking  methodology to determine  appropriate  rates for
those  services.  To the extent  the  pipeline  company  or its sales  affiliate
markets natural gas as a merchant,  it does so pursuant to private  contracts in
direct  competition  with  all of the  sellers,  such as us;  however,  pipeline
companies and their affiliates are not required to remain "merchants" of natural
gas, and most of the interstate  pipeline  companies  have become  "transporters
only," although many have affiliated marketers.

         Transportation  pipeline  availability  and  shipping  cost  are  major
factors  affecting the production and sale of natural gas. Our physical sales of
natural gas are affected by the actual availability,  terms and cost of pipeline
transportation.  The price and terms for access onto the pipeline transportation
systems remain subject to extensive Federal  regulation.  Although FERC does not
directly  regulate our production and marketing  activities,  it does affect how
buyers  and  sellers  gain  access  to and use of the  necessary  transportation
facilities and how we and our competitors  sell natural gas in the  marketplace.
FERC continues to review and modify its regulations regarding the transportation


                                       14
<PAGE>

of natural  gas.  For  example,  FERC has  recently  begun a broad review of its
natural gas transportation regulations, including how its regulations operate in
conjunction with state proposals for natural gas marketing  restructuring and in
the increasingly  competitive marketplace for all post-wellhead services related
to natural gas.


         In recent  years  FERC also has  pursued a number of  important  policy
initiatives which could significantly affect the marketing of natural gas in the
United States.  Most of these initiatives are intended to enhance competition in
natural gas markets.  FERC rules  encouraging  "spin  downs," or the breakout of
unregulated  gathering activities from regulated  transportation  services,  may
have the adverse  effect of increasing the cost of doing business on some in the
industry,  including us, as a result of the geographic monopolization of certain
facilities by their new, unregulated owners. As to all of FERC initiatives,  the
ongoing,  or,  in some  instances,  preliminary  and  evolving  nature  makes it
impossible  at this time to  predict  their  ultimate  impact  on our  business.
However,  we do not  believe  that  any  FERC  initiatives  will  affect  us any
differently  than  other  natural  gas  producers  and  marketers  with which we
compete.

         FERC decisions  involving onshore  facilities are more liberal in their
reliance upon traditional  tests for determining what facilities are "gathering"
and therefore exempt from federal regulatory  control.  In many instances,  what
was  in  the  past  classified  as  "transmission"  may  now  be  classified  as
"gathering."  We ship  certain of our natural gas through  gathering  facilities
owned by others. Although FERC decisions create the potential for increasing the
cost of  shipping  our  natural gas on third  party  gathering  facilities,  our
shipping activities have not been materially affected by these decisions.

         In summary,  all of FERC activities  related to the  transportation  of
natural gas result in improved  opportunities to market our physical  production
to a variety  of buyers  and market  places,  while at the same time  increasing
access to pipeline  transportation and delivery services.  Additional  proposals
and proceedings  that might affect the natural gas industry in the United States
are considered from time to time by Congress,  FERC, state regulatory bodies and
the  courts.  We  cannot  predict  when or if any such  proposals  might  become
effective or their effect, if any, on our operations.  The natural gas and crude
oil  industry  historically  has been very heavily  regulated;  thus there is no
assurance that the less stringent  regulatory  approach recently pursued by FERC
and Congress will continue indefinitely into the future.

     State and Other Regulation

         All of the  jurisdictions  in which we own  producing  natural  gas and
crude oil properties  have statutory  provisions  regulating the exploration for
and production of natural gas and crude oil. These include provisions  requiring
permits for the drilling of wells and maintaining bonding  requirements in order
to drill or operate wells and provisions  relating to the location of wells, the
method of  drilling  and  casing  wells,  the  surface  use and  restoration  of
properties  upon which wells are  drilled and the  plugging  and  abandoning  of
wells.  Our  operations  are  also  subject  to  various  conservation  laws and
regulations.  These  include the  regulation of the size of drilling and spacing
units or proration  units on an acreage basis and the density of wells which may
be  drilled  and the  unitization  or  pooling  of  natural  gas and  crude  oil
properties.  In this regard, some states allow the forced pooling or integration
of tracts to facilitate exploration while other states rely on voluntary pooling
of lands and leases.  In addition,  state  conservation  laws establish  maximum
rates of production from natural gas and crude oil wells, generally prohibit the
venting or flaring of natural gas and impose certain requirements  regarding the
ratability of  production.  Some states,  such as Texas and  Oklahoma,  have, in
recent years, reviewed and substantially revised methods previously used to make
monthly  determinations  of  allowable  rates  of  production  from  fields  and
individual  wells.  The effect of all of these  conservation  regulations  is to
limit the speed,  timing and amounts of crude oil and natural gas we can produce
from our wells, and to limit the number of wells or the location at which we can
drill.

         State  regulation of gathering  facilities  generally  includes various
safety,  environmental,  and in some circumstances,  non-discriminatory  take or
service  requirements,  but does not generally  entail rate  regulation.  In the
United States, natural gas gathering has received greater regulatory scrutiny at
both  the  state  and  federal  levels  in the wake of the  interstate  pipeline
restructuring under FERC. Order 636. For example,  the Texas Railroad Commission
enacted a Natural Gas  Transportation  Standards  and Code of Conduct to provide
regulatory  support for the State's  more active  review of rates,  services and
practices  associated with the gathering and transportation of natural gas by an
entity  that  provides  such  services to others for a fee, in order to prohibit
such entities from unduly discriminating in favor of their affiliates.

                                       15
<PAGE>

         For those  operations  on Federal or Indian  oil and gas  leases,  such
operations must comply with numerous regulatory restrictions,  including various
non-discrimination  statutes,  and certain of such  operations must be conducted
pursuant to certain  on-site  security  regulations  and other permits issued by
various  federal  agencies.  In  addition,  in the United  States,  the Minerals
Management Service ("MMS") prescribes or severely limits the types of costs that
are  deductible  transportation  costs for  purposes  of  royalty  valuation  of
production sold off the lease. In particular,  MMS prohibits  deduction of costs
associated with marketer fees, cash out and other pipeline imbalance  penalties,
or long-term  storage  fees.  Further,  the MMS has been engaged in a process of
promulgating  new rules and  procedures for  determining  the value of crude oil
produced from federal lands for purposes of  calculating  royalties  owed to the
government.  The natural gas and crude oil  industry as a whole has resisted the
proposed  rules under an  assumption  that royalty  burdens  will  substantially
increase.  We cannot predict what, if any,  effect any new rule will have on our
operations.

Environmental Matters

         Our  operations are subject to numerous  federal,  state and local laws
and  regulations  controlling  the generation,  use,  storage,  and discharge of
materials into the  environment  or otherwise  relating to the protection of the
environment.  These laws and regulations may require the acquisition of a permit
or other authorization  before construction or drilling commences;  restrict the
types, quantities, and concentrations of various substances that can be released
into the  environment in connection with drilling,  production,  and natural gas
processing activities;  suspend,  limit or prohibit  construction,  drilling and
other activities in certain lands lying within wilderness,  wetlands,  and other
protected areas; require remedial measures to mitigate pollution from historical
and on-going  operations  such as use of pits and  plugging of abandoned  wells;
restrict  injection  of liquids  into  subsurface  strata  that may  contaminate
groundwater; and impose substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from our
operations.  Environmental permits required for our operations may be subject to
revocation,  modification,  and  renewal  by issuing  authorities.  Governmental
authorities  have the power to enforce  compliance  with their  regulations  and
permits,  and  violations  are  subject to  injunction,  civil  fines,  and even
criminal  penalties.   Our  management  believes  that  we  are  in  substantial
compliance with current environmental laws and regulations, and that we will not
be required to make material capital  expenditures to comply with existing laws.
Nevertheless,   changes  in  existing  environmental  laws  and  regulations  or
interpretations  thereof  could have a  significant  impact on us as well as the
natural gas and crude oil industry in general, and thus we are unable to predict
the  ultimate  cost and  effects  of future  changes in  environmental  laws and
regulations.

         In  the  United  States,  the  Comprehensive   Environmental  Response,
Compensation  and  Liability  Act  ("CERCLA"),  also known as  "Superfund,"  and
comparable state statutes impose strict, joint, and several liability on certain
classes of persons who are  considered to have  contributed  to the release of a
"hazardous  substance" into the environment.  These persons include the owner or
operator of a disposal site or sites where a release occurred and companies that
generated,  disposed or arranged  for the disposal of the  hazardous  substances
released  at  the  site.   Under  CERCLA  such  persons  or  companies   may  be
retroactively  liable for the costs of cleaning up the hazardous substances that
have been released into the  environment  and for damages to natural  resources,
and it is common for  neighboring  land owners and other  third  parties to file
claims for personal  injury,  property  damage,  and recovery of response  costs
allegedly caused by the hazardous substances released into the environment.  The
Resource  Conservation  and Recovery Act ("RCRA") and comparable  state statutes
govern the  disposal  of "solid  waste"  and  "hazardous  waste"  and  authorize
imposition of  substantial  civil and criminal  penalties for failing to prevent
surface  and  subsurface  pollution,  as  well  as to  control  the  generation,
transportation,  treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous waste generated by
natural  gas and crude oil  operations.  Although  CERCLA  currently  contains a
"petroleum  exclusion" from the definition of "hazardous  substance," state laws
affecting our  operations  impose  cleanup  liability  relating to petroleum and
petroleum related products,  including crude oil cleanups. In addition, although
RCRA regulations  currently  classify certain oilfield wastes which are uniquely
associated  with  field  operations  as   "non-hazardous,"   such   exploration,
development  and  production  wastes  could be  reclassified  by  regulation  as
hazardous  wastes  thereby  administratively  making such wastes subject to more
stringent handling and disposal requirements.

         We  currently  own or  lease,  and  have in the past  owned or  leased,
numerous  properties  that for many years have been used for the exploration and
production of natural gas and crude oil.  Although we utilized standard industry
operating and disposal  practices at the time,  hydrocarbons or other wastes may


                                       16
<PAGE>

have been disposed of or released on or under the  properties we owned or leased
or on or under other  locations  where such wastes have been taken for disposal.
In addition,  many of these properties have been operated by third parties whose
treatment and disposal or release of  hydrocarbons or other wastes was not under
our control.  These properties and the wastes disposed thereon may be subject to
CERCLA,  RCRA,  and analogous  state laws.  Our  operations are also impacted by
regulations  governing the disposal of naturally occurring radioactive materials
("NORM").  We must comply with the Clean Air Act and  comparable  state statutes
which  prohibit the  emissions of air  contaminants,  although a majority of our
activities are exempted under a standard exemption.  Moreover,  owners,  lessees
and  operators  of  natural  gas and crude oil  properties  are also  subject to
increasing  civil  liability  brought by surface  owners and adjoining  property
owners.  Such claims are  predicated on the damage to or  contamination  of land
resources  occasioned  by drilling and  production  operations  and the products
derived  therefrom,  and are  usually  causes  of  action  based on  negligence,
trespass, nuisance, strict liability and fraud.

         United  States  federal  regulations  also require  certain  owners and
operators of facilities that store or otherwise handle crude oil, such as us, to
prepare and implement spill  prevention,  control and  countermeasure  plans and
spill response  plans  relating to possible  discharge of crude oil into surface
waters.  The federal Oil Pollution Act ("OPA")  contains  numerous  requirements
relating to prevention  of,  reporting of, and response to crude oil spills into
waters of the United States.  For facilities  that may affect state waters,  OPA
requires an operator to  demonstrate  $10 million in  financial  responsibility.
State laws mandate crude oil cleanup programs with respect to contaminated soil.

         We are not currently involved in any administrative,  judicial or legal
proceedings  arising  under  domestic  or  foreign  federal,   state,  or  local
environmental protection laws and regulations,  or under federal or state common
law,  which would have a material  adverse  effect on our financial  position or
results of operations. Moreover, we maintain insurance against costs of clean-up
operations,  but we are not fully  insured  against  all such  risks.  A serious
incident of pollution may result in the suspension or cessation of operations in
the affected area.

         We  believe  that  we have  obtained  and are in  compliance  with  all
material environmental permits, authorizations and approvals.

         All of  our  oil  and  gas  wells  will  require  proper  plugging  and
abandonment  when  they  are no  longer  producing.  We  post  bonds  with  most
regulatory  agencies  to ensure  compliance  with our  plugging  responsibility.
Plugging and  abandonment  operations and associated  reclamation of the surface
production site are important components of our environmental management system.
We plan  accordingly  for the ultimate  disposition  of  properties  that are no
longer producing.

Title to Properties

         As is customary in the natural gas and crude oil industry, we make only
a cursory review of title to undeveloped natural gas and crude oil leases at the
time we acquire them. However,  before drilling commences, we require a thorough
title search to be  conducted,  and any  material  defects in title are remedied
prior to the time actual drilling of a well begins. To the extent title opinions
or other investigations reflect title defects, we, rather than the seller/lessor
of the undeveloped property, are typically obligated to cure any title defect at
our  expense.  If we were unable to remedy or cure any title  defect of a nature
such  that it would  not be  prudent  to  commence  drilling  operations  on the
property,  we could suffer a loss of our entire  investment in the property.  We
believe  that we have good title to our  natural  gas and crude oil  properties,
some  of  which  are  subject  to   immaterial   encumbrances,   easements   and
restrictions. The natural gas and crude oil properties we own are also typically
subject to royalty and other similar non-cost bearing interests customary in the
industry.  We do not  believe  that any of these  encumbrances  or burdens  will
materially affect our ownership or use of our properties.

Employees

         As of  March 9,  2005,  we had 47  full-time  employees  in the  United
States,  including 3 executive officers,  3 non-executive  officers, 1 petroleum
engineer,  1 geologist,  5 managers,  1 landman,  10 administrative  and support
personnel and 23 field personnel.  Additionally, we retain contract pumpers on a
month-to-month   basis.  We  retain   independent   geological  and  engineering
consultants from time to time on a limited basis and expect to continue to do so
in the future.

                                       17
<PAGE>


Available Information

         Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current
Reports on Form 8-K and other reports and  amendments  filed with the Securities
and  Exchange  Commission  are  available  free of  charge  on our  web  site at
www.abraxaspetroleum.com   in  the  Investor   Relations   section  as  soon  as
practicable after such reports are filed.

Item 2.  Properties

Primary Operating Areas

Texas

         Our operations are  concentrated  in South and West Texas with over 99%
of the PV-10 of our natural gas and crude oil  properties  at December  31, 2004
located in those two regions. We operate 94% of our wells in Texas. During 2004,
we drilled a total of 3 new wells (3 net) in Texas with a 66% success rate.

         Operations in South Texas are  concentrated  along the Edwards trend in
Live Oak and DeWitt Counties,  the  Frio/Vicksburg  trend in San Patricio County
and the  Wilcox  trend in  Goliad  County.  In total in South  Texas,  we own an
average 93% working interest in 45 wells with average production of 217 net Bbls
of  crude  oil and  4,924  net Mcf of  natural  gas per day for the  year  ended
December 31, 2004. As of December 31, 2004 we had estimated net proved  reserves
in South Texas of 27.8 Bcfe (82% natural gas) with a PV-10 of $59.2 million, 61%
of which was attributable to proved developed reserves.

         Our  West   Texas   operations   are   concentrated   along   the  deep
Devonian/Montoya/Ellenberger  formations and shallow Cherry Canyon sandstones in
Ward  County  and in the  Sharon  Ridge  Clearfork  Field in Scurry  County.  In
September  2000, we entered into a farmout  agreement  with EOG  Resources  Inc.
whereby  EOG earned a 75%  working  interest  in our then  existing  Ward County
Montoya  acreage by paying us $2.5  million  and paying  100% of the cost of the
first five  wells,  the last of which came on line in December  2002.  Two wells
were  drilled  in 2003 in which we were  responsible  for our pro rata  share of
drilling and development cost. The farmout agreement terminated in early January
2004 and accordingly, EOG has reassigned all unearned acreage to Abraxas.

         In total in West Texas we own an average  74%  working  interest in 166
wells with average  daily  production  of 375 net Bbls of crude oil and NGLs and
7,139 net Mcf of natural gas per day for the year ended December 31, 2004. As of
December 31, 2004, we had  estimated  net proved  reserves in West Texas of 65.1
Bcfe  (81%  natural  gas)  with a PV-10  of  $88.9  million,  45% of  which  was
attributable to proved developed reserves.

Wyoming

         We currently hold 54,874  contiguous acres in the Powder River Basin in
east  central  Wyoming.  We have  drilled and  operate 6 wells in  Converse  and
Niobrara  counties  that  were  completed  in the  Turner,  Muddy  and  Niobrara
formations.  We own a 100%  working  interest  in these  wells that  produced an
average of 36 net barrels of crude oil per day in 2004.  As of December 31, 2004
we had estimated net proved producing  reserves in Wyoming of 137,345 barrels of
crude oil with a PV-10 of $992,217.

Exploratory and Developmental Acreage

         Our  principal  natural  gas  and  crude  oil  properties   consist  of
non-producing and producing natural gas and crude oil leases, including reserves
of  natural  gas and crude oil in  place.  The  following  table  indicates  our
interest  in  developed  and  undeveloped   acreage   applicable  to  continuing
operations as of December 31, 2004:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                 Developed and Undeveloped Acreage
                                                       As of December 31, 2004
                                 -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      Developed Acreage (1)               Undeveloped Acreage (2)
                                 ---------------------------------   -----------------------------------
                                  Gross Acres  (3)   Net Acres   (4) Gross Acres  (3)   Net Acres (4)
                                 ---------------   ---------------  ---------------   ------------------
<S>                                      <C>               <C>              <C>               <C>
  Texas                                  23,866            19,218           14,521            11,161


                                       18
<PAGE>

  Wyoming                                 3,240             3,240           51,634            48,105
  N. Dakota                                   -                 -               80                24
                                 ---------------   ---------------  ---------------   ------------------
           Total                         27,106            22,458           66,235            59,290
                                 ===============   ===============  ===============   ==================

</TABLE>

(1)      Developed  acreage consists of acres spaced or assignable to productive
         wells.
(2)      Undeveloped  acreage is  considered  to be those  leased acres on which
         wells have not been  drilled or  completed to a point that would permit
         the  production of commercial  quantities of natural gas and crude oil,
         regardless of whether or not such acreage contains proved reserves.
(3)      Gross  acres  refers  to the  number of acres in which we own a working
         interest.
(4)      Net acres  represents  the number of acres  attributable  to an owner's
         proportionate  working  interest  and/or  royalty  interest  in a lease
         (e.g.,  a 50%  working  interest  in a  lease  covering  320  acres  is
         equivalent to 160 net acres).

Productive Wells

         The following table sets forth our total gross and net productive wells
applicable to continuing  operations,  expressed  separately for natural gas and
crude oil, as of December 31, 2004:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                          Productive Wells (1)
                                                         As of December 31, 2004
                                    ---------------------------------------------------------------------
           State/Country                       Crude Oil                          Natural Gas
           ------------------       --------------------------------   ----------------------------------
                                      Gross(2)             Net(3)           Gross(2)          Net(3)
                                    ---------------   --------------   ---------------   ----------------
<S>                                       <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
           Texas                          145.0             116.6             66.0              48.8
           Wyoming                          6.0               6.0             18.0               -
           N. Dakota                        -                 -                1.0               -
                                    ---------------   --------------   ---------------   ----------------
                    Total                 151.0             122.6             85.0              48.8
                                    ===============   ==============   ===============   ================
</TABLE>


(1)      Productive wells are producing wells and wells capable of production.
(2)      A gross well is a well in which we own an interest. The number of gross
         wells is the total number of wells in which we own an interest.
(3)      A net well is  deemed  to exist  when the sum of  fractional  ownership
         working interests in gross wells equals one. The number of net wells is
         the sum of our fractional working interest owned in gross wells.

Reserves Information

         The  natural  gas and crude oil  reserves  have  been  estimated  as of
January  1, 2005,  January  1, 2004,  and  January  1,  2003,  by  DeGolyer  and
MacNaughton,  of Dallas,  Texas.  Natural  gas and crude oil  reserves,  and the
estimates  of  the  present  value  of  future  net  revenues  there-from,  were
determined based on then current prices and costs.  Reserve calculations involve
the estimate of future net recoverable reserves of natural gas and crude oil and
the timing and amount of future net  revenues  to be  received  therefrom.  Such
estimates  are not precise and are based on  assumptions  regarding a variety of
factors, many of which are variable and uncertain.

         The following table sets forth certain information  regarding estimates
of our crude oil,  natural gas liquids and natural gas reserves as of January 1,
2003, January 1, 2004 and January 1, 2005 relating to continuing operations.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                          Estimated Proved Reserves
                                                          ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                              Proved              Proved                Total
                                                             Developed         Undeveloped             Proved
                                                           --------------     ---------------     ------------------
              As of January 1, 2005
<S>                                                              <C>                  <C>                 <C>
                Crude oil (MBbls)                                1,878                1,223               3,101
                NGLs (MBbls)                                         -                    -                   -
                Natural gas (MMcf)                              36,241               38,877              75,118

                                       19
<PAGE>

              As of January 1, 2004
                Crude oil (MBbls)                                1,791                1,264               3,054
                NGLs (MBbls)                                        95                  170                 265
                Natural gas (MMcf)                              39,371               40,831              80,202

              As of January 1, 2003
                Crude oil (MBbls)                                1,646                1,317               2,963
                NGLs (MBbls)                                       105                  168                 273
                Natural gas (MMcf)                              34,776               43,420              78,196
------------------
</TABLE>

         The process of estimating crude oil and natural gas reserves is complex
and  involves   decisions  and   assumptions  in  the  evaluation  of  available
geological,  geophysical,   engineering  and  economic  data.  Therefore,  these
estimates are imprecise.

         Actual future production,  natural gas and crude oil prices,  revenues,
taxes,   development   expenditures,   operating   expenses  and  quantities  of
recoverable  natural gas and crude oil reserves most likely will vary from those
estimated.  Any  significant  variance  could  materially  affect the  estimated
quantities  and present  value of reserves set forth in this annual  report.  In
addition,  we may adjust  estimates  of proved  reserves  to reflect  production
history,  results of exploitation  and development,  prevailing  natural gas and
crude oil prices and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.

         You should not assume  that the  present  value of future net  revenues
referred  to in  this  annual  statement  is the  current  market  value  of our
estimated   natural  gas  and  crude  oil  reserves.   In  accordance  with  SEC
requirements,  the  estimated  discounted  future  net cash  flows  from  proved
reserves  are  generally  based on prices and costs as of the end of the year of
the  estimate,  or  alternatively,  if  prices  subsequent  to  that  date  have
increased,  a price near the  periodic  filing date of the  Company's  financial
statements.  Because we use the full cost  method to account for our natural gas
and crude oil  operations,  we are susceptible to significant  non-cash  charges
during  times of  volatile  commodity  prices  because the full cost pool may be
impaired  when prices are low.  At June 30,  2002,  we  incurred a ceiling  test
writedown of  approximately  $28.2  million.  A ceiling test  writedown does not
impact cash flow from  operating  activities  but does reduce our  stockholders'
equity and reported  earnings.  We cannot assure you that we will not experience
additional  ceiling  limitation  write-downs in the future. For more information
regarding the full cost method of  accounting,  you should read the  information
under  "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operation - Critical Accounting Policies."

         Actual future  prices and costs may be materially  higher or lower than
the prices and costs as of the end of the year of the  estimate.  Any changes in
consumption by natural gas purchasers or in governmental regulations or taxation
will also affect actual future net cash flows. The timing of both the production
and the expenses from the  development  and  production of natural gas and crude
oil  properties  will  affect  the  timing of actual  future net cash flows from
proved reserves and their present value. In addition,  the 10% discount  factor,
which is required  by the SEC to be used in  calculating  discounted  future net
cash flows for reporting purposes, is not necessarily the most accurate discount
factor.  The effective  interest rate at various times and the risks  associated
with us or the  natural gas and crude oil  industry  in general  will affect the
accuracy of the 10% discount factor.

         The estimates of our reserves are based upon various  assumptions about
future production levels, prices and costs that may not prove to be correct over
time. In particular, estimates of natural gas and crude oil reserves, future net
revenue from proved reserves and the PV-10 thereof for the natural gas and crude
oil properties  described in this report are based on the assumption that future
natural  gas and crude oil prices  remain the same as natural  gas and crude oil
prices at December 31, 2004.  The average  sales prices as of such date used for
purposes of such estimates were $41.01 per Bbl of crude oil and $4.94 per Mcf of
natural gas. It is also assumed that we will make future capital expenditures of
approximately $45.0 million in the aggregate, most of which is in the years 2005
through  2008,  which are  necessary  to develop and realize the value of proved


                                       20
<PAGE>

undeveloped  reserves  on our  properties.  Any  significant  variance in actual
results  from these  assumptions  could  also  materially  affect the  estimated
quantity and value of reserves set forth herein.

         We file  reports of our  estimated  natural gas and crude oil  reserves
with the  Department  of Energy  and the  Bureau  of the  Census.  The  reserves
reported to these agencies are required to be reported on a gross operated basis
and therefore are not comparable to the reserve data reported herein.

Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids, and Natural Gas Production and Sales Prices

         The following table presents our net crude oil, net natural gas liquids
and net natural gas production, the average sales price per Bbl of crude oil and
natural gas liquids and per Mcf of natural gas  produced and the average cost of
production  per Mcfe of production  sold, for the three years ended December 31,
2004 related to continuing operations:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              2002           2003            2004
                                                         --------------- -------------- ---------------
<S>                                                             <C>            <C>            <C>
             Crude oil production (Bbls)                        255,041        220,135        220,409
             Natural gas production (Mcf)                     5,471,589      4,780,739      4,403,030
             Natural gas liquids production (Bbls)                8,970          9,439          8,875
             Total production (Mmcfe)                             7,056          6,158          5,779
             Average sales price per Bbl of crude oil    $        24.34  $       30.43  $       40.12
             Average sales price per Mcf of natural
                  gas (1)                                $         2.65  $        4.77  $        5.45
             Average sales price per Bbl of natural
                  gas liquids                            $        14.43  $       20.46  $       26.32
             Average sales price per Mcfe                $         2.95  $        4.82  $        5.72
             Average cost of production  per Mcfe
                  produced (2)                           $         1.08  $        1.35  $        1.48
------------------
</TABLE>


(1)      Average sales prices are net of hedging activity.
(2)      Natural  gas and crude oil were  combined by  converting  crude oil and
         natural gas liquids to a Mcf  equivalent on the basis of 1 Bbl of crude
         oil and  natural  gas liquid  equals 6 Mcf of natural  gas.  Production
         costs  include  direct  operating  costs,  ad  valorem  taxes and gross
         production taxes.

Drilling Activities

         The following  table sets forth our gross and net working  interests in
exploratory  and  development  wells drilled,  related to continuing  operations
during the three years ended December 31, 2004:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                     2002                               2003                              2004
                         -----------------------------      -----------------------------       -------------------------
                          Gross(1)             Net(2)          Gross(1)          Net(2)          Gross(1)         Net(2)
                         ------------       ----------      ------------       ----------       ----------       --------
Exploratory(3)

  Productive(4)

<S>                                                                 <C>              <C>              <C>            <C>
          Crude oil                -                -               1.0              1.0              2.0            2.0

          Natural gas              -                -                 -                -                -              -

          Dry holes(5)             -                -                 -                -                -              -
                         ------------       ----------      ------------       ----------       ----------       --------
                  Total            -                -               1.0              1.0              2.0            2.0
                         ============       ==========      ============       ==========       ==========       ========



                                       21
<PAGE>

Development(6)

  Productive (4)

          Crude oil                -                -                 -                -                -              -

          Natural gas            2.0             0.12               5.0              5.0              1.0            1.0

          Dry holes (5)            -                -                 -                -              1.0            1.0
                         ------------       ----------      ------------       ----------       ----------       --------
                  Total          2.0             0.12               5.0              5.0              2.0            2.0
                         ============       ==========      ============       ==========       ==========       ========
------------------
</TABLE>

(1)      A gross well is a well in which we own an interest.
(2)      The  number of net wells  represents  the total  percentage  of working
         interests  held in all wells (e.g.,  total  working  interest of 50% is
         equivalent  to 0.5  net  well.  A  total  working  interest  of 100% is
         equivalent to 1.0 net well).
(3)      An exploratory  well is a well drilled to find and produce  natural gas
         or crude oil in an unproved  area,  to find a new  reservoir in a field
         previously  found to be  producing  natural gas or crude oil in another
         reservoir, or to extend a known reservoir.
(4)      A productive well is an exploratory or a development well that is not a
         dry hole.
(5)      A dry hole is an exploratory or development  well found to be incapable
         of producing  either natural gas or crude oil in sufficient  quantities
         to justify completion as a natural gas or crude oil well.
(6)      A  development  well is a well  drilled  within  the  proved  area of a
         natural  gas or crude  oil  reservoir  to the  depth  of  stratigraphic
         horizon  (rock  layer  or  formation)  noted to be  productive  for the
         purpose of extracting proved natural gas or crude oil reserves.

         As of March 18, 2005 we had 6 wells in process of drilling and/or
completing.

Office Facilities

         Our executive and administrative  offices are located at 500 North Loop
1604 East,  Suite 100, San Antonio,  Texas 78232,  consisting  of  approximately
12,650 square feet leased until April 2006 at an aggregate  base rate of $20,787
per month.  We also have an office in Midland,  Texas  consisting  of 570 square
feet leased through February 2006 at an aggregate base rate of $380 per month.

Other Properties

         We own 10 acres of land, an office  building,  workshop,  warehouse and
house in Sinton,  Texas, 2.8 acres of land, an office building in Scurry County,
Texas,  600 acres of fee land in Scurry  County,  Texas and 160 acres of land in
Coke County, Texas. All of these properties are used for the storage of tubulars
and production equipment. We also own 23 vehicles which are used in the field by
employees. We own 2 workover rigs, which are used for servicing our wells.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

         In  2001,  Abraxas  and  a  limited  partnership,  of  which  Wamsutter
Holdings,  Inc.  is the general  partner  (the  "Partnership"),  were named in a
lawsuit  filed in U.S.  District  Court in the  District of  Wyoming.  The claim
asserted breach of contract,  fraud and negligent  misrepresentation  by Abraxas
and the Partnership related to the responsibility for year 2000 ad valorem taxes
on crude oil and natural gas properties sold by Abraxas and the Partnership.  In
February  2002, a summary  judgment was granted to the  plaintiff in this matter
and a final judgment in the amount of $1.3 million was entered.  Abraxas and the
Partnership  appealed the District Court's judgment and on November 3, 2004, the
U.S.  Court of  Appeals  for the 10th  Circuit  affirmed  the  District  Court's
decision.  On December 14, 2004,  the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit
entered a mandate for the District Court to enforce the judgment. As of December
27, 2004,  the final  judgment  amount was  approximately  $1.55 million  (which
includes  accrued and unpaid interest since February 2002).  Abraxas has decided
not to pursue  further  appeals and subsequent to December 31, 2004 has paid its
portion of the final judgment,  approximately $1 million,  for which Abraxas had
previously established a reserve.

                                       22
<PAGE>


         Additionally,  from time to time,  Abraxas is  involved  in  litigation
relating  to  claims  arising  out of its  operations  in the  normal  course of
business. At December 31, 2004, Abraxas was not engaged in any legal proceedings
that are expected,  individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse
effect on Abraxas.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

         No matter was  submitted to a vote of our security  holders  during the
fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004.

Item 4A. Executive Officers of Abraxas

         Certain  information  is  set  forth  below  concerning  our  executive
officers,  each of whom has been selected to serve until the 2005 annual meeting
of shareholders and until his successor is duly elected and qualified.

         Robert L. G.  Watson,  age 54,  has  served as  Chairman  of the Board,
President,  Chief Executive  Officer and a director of Abraxas since 1977. Since
May 1996,  Mr. Watson has also served as Chairman of the Board and a director of
Grey  Wolf.  Prior to  joining  Abraxas,  Mr.  Watson  was  employed  in various
petroleum engineering positions with Tesoro Petroleum Corporation, a natural gas
and crude oil  exploration and production  company,  from 1972 through 1977, and
DeGolyer and McNaughton, an independent petroleum engineering firm, from 1970 to
1972. Mr. Watson received a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering
from   Southern   Methodist   University  in  1972  and  a  Master  of  Business
Administration degree from the University of Texas at San Antonio in 1974.

         Chris E. Williford,  age 53, was elected Vice President,  Treasurer and
Chief  Financial  Officer  of Abraxas in January  1993,  and as  Executive  Vice
President and a director of Abraxas in May 1993. In December 1999, Mr. Williford
resigned as a director of Abraxas.  Prior to joining Abraxas,  Mr. Williford was
Chief Financial  Officer of American Natural Energy  Corporation,  a natural gas
and crude oil  exploration  and production  company,  from July 1989 to December
1992 and  President  of Clark  Resources  Corp.,  a  natural  gas and  crude oil
exploration and production company, from January 1987 to May 1989. Mr. Williford
received a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Pittsburgh
State University in 1973.

         Robert W. Carington,  Jr., age 43, was elected Executive Vice President
and a director of Abraxas in July 1998. In December 1999, Mr. Carington resigned
as a director of Abraxas. Prior to joining Abraxas, Mr. Carington was a Managing
Director with Jefferies & Company,  Inc.  Prior to joining  Jefferies & Company,
Inc. in January  1993,  Mr.  Carington  was a Vice  President  at Howard,  Weil,
Labouisse,   Friedrichs,   Inc.  Prior  to  joining  Howard,  Weil,   Labouisse,
Friedrichs, Inc., Mr. Carington was a petroleum engineer with Unocal Corporation
from 1983 to 1990.  Mr.  Carington  received a degree of  Bachelor of Science in
Mechanical  Engineering  from Rice  University in 1983 and a Masters of Business
Administration from the University of Houston in 1990.


                                       23
<PAGE>



                                     PART II


Item 5. Market for Registrant's  Common Equity,  Related Stockholder Matters and
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Market Information

         Our common stock began trading on the American Stock Exchange on August
18,  2000,  under the symbol  "ABP."  The  following  table  sets forth  certain
information as to the high and low bid quotations quoted for our common stock on
the American Stock Exchange.

             Period                                     High        Low
2003
             First Quarter                             $   0.95   $    0.55
             Second Quarter                                1.30        0.61
             Third Quarter                                 1.11        0.82
             Fourth Quarter                                1.32        0.88

2004
             First Quarter                             $   3.64   $    1.29
             Second Quarter                                2.89        1.50
             Third Quarter                                 2.37        1.09
             Fourth Quarter                                2.99        1.91

2005         First Quarter (Through March 18, 2005)    $   2.92   $    1.97

Holders

         As of  March  18,  2005,  we had  36,813,758  shares  of  common  stock
outstanding and had approximately 1600 stockholders of record.

Dividends

         We have not paid any cash  dividends  on our common stock and it is not
presently  determinable when, if ever, we will pay cash dividends in the future.
In addition,  the indenture governing our Floating Rate Senior Secured Notes due
2009 and our senior credit agreement prohibits the payment of cash dividends and
stock  dividends  on our common  stock.  You should  read the  discussion  under
"Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources" for more information regarding the
restrictions on our ability to pay dividends.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

         As part of the October 2004  refinancing,  we privately  issued  $125.0
million  aggregate  principal  amount of Floating Rate Senior  Secured Notes due
2009, Series A. On October 28, 2004, we sold the new notes to Guggenheim Capital
Markets,  LLC,  which  subsequently  resold the new notes under Rule 144A,  Rule
501(a) and Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

         In connection  with the October 2004  refinancing,  Guggenheim  Capital
Markets,  LLC received warrants to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of our common
stock at a purchase price of $0.01 per share pursuant to a Warrant  entered into
on  October  28,  2004  (the  "GCM  Warrant").  The GCM  Warrant  was  issued to
Guggenheim pursuant to a private placement by us as an issuer under Section 4(2)
of the  Securities  Act of 1933.  From and after October 28, 2004 and until 5:00
P.M., New York time, on October 28, 2014, the holder of the GCM Warrant may from
time to time exercise it, on any business day, for all or any part of the number
of shares of our common stock purchasable  thereunder.  In order to exercise the
GCM  Warrant,  in whole or in part,  the  holder  must (i)  deliver  to us (x) a
written  notice of the  holder's  election to exercise  the GCM  Warrant,  which
notice shall be irrevocable and specify the number of shares of our common stock
to be purchased and (y) the GCM Warrant,  and (ii) pay to us the warrant  price.
The GCM Warrant  permits payment upon exercise of the GCM Warrant to be made, at


                                       24
<PAGE>

the option of the holder, by: (i) delivery of a certified or official bank check
in the amount of the warrant price;  (ii) instructing us to withhold a number of
shares of warrant  stock then  issuable upon exercise of the GCM Warrant with an
aggregate fair value equal to the warrant  price;  or (iii)  surrendering  to us
shares of our common stock  previously  acquired by the holder with an aggregate
fair value  equal to the  warrant  price.  The GCM  Warrant  contains  customary
restrictions on transfer and anti-dilution provisions, including dilution caused
by    stock    dividends,    subdivisions,    combinations,     reorganizations,
reclassifications, mergers, consolidations or disposition of assets. Pursuant to
the  GCM  Warrant,  we  also  agreed,  in  specified  circumstances,  to  file a
registration statement to cover the warrant stock underlying the GCM warrant.

         Durham Capital  Corporation,  also received a warrant to purchase up to
100,000  shares of our common stock at a purchase  price of $0.01 per share (the
"Durham  Warrant"),  pursuant to a private  placement  by us as an issuer  under
Section  4(2) of the  Securities  Act for  advising  us in  connection  with the
October 2004 refinancing. The Durham Warrant was exercised in November 2004.

         We did not repurchase any of our  registered  equity  securities in the
fourth quarter of 2004.

         Item 6. Selected Financial Data

         The following  selected financial data is derived from our Consolidated
Financial  Statements.   The  data  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  our
Consolidated  Financial  Statements  and  Notes  thereto,  and  other  financial
information included herein. See "Financial Statements" in Item 8.

                                       51
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 2000             2001              2002              2003            2004
                                                 ----             ----              ----              ----            ----
                                                               (Dollars in thousands except per share data)

<S>                                        <C>               <C>              <C>               <C>             <C>
Total revenue  - continuing operations     $     32,886      $    35,775      $    21,541       $    30,380     $    33,854
Net income (loss)                          $      8,449 (2)  $   (19,718) (3) $  (118,527) (1)  $    55,920 (4) $    11,167 (6)
Net income (loss)  - discontinued
   operations                                    (3,985)          (4,870)         (63,355)           70,024 (4)       3,323
Net income (loss)  - continuing
   operations                                    12,434          (14,848)         (55,172)          (14,104)          7,844
Net income (loss) per common share   -
   diluted                                 $       0.26      $     (0.76)     $     (3.95)      $      1.58     $      0.29
Weighted average shares outstanding -
   diluted (in thousands)                        22,616           25,789           29,979            35,364 (5)      38,895
Total assets                               $    335,560      $   303,616      $   181,425       $   126,437     $   152,685
Long-term debt, excluding current
   maturities                              $    207,081      $   209,611      $   201,850       $   184,649     $   126,425
Total stockholders' equity (deficit)       $     (6,503)     $   (28,585)     $  (142,254)      $   (72,203)    $   (53,464)
</TABLE>

(1)  Includes  ceiling  limitation  write-down of $116.0  million ($28.2 million
     related to continuing operations).
(2)  Includes  gain on sale of  partnership  interest of $34 million in 2000 and
     the  reclassification  of an extraordinary  gain on debt  extinguishment in
     2000 to other income.
(3)  Includes  ceiling  test  write-down  of $2.6  million  in  2001,  based  on
     subsequent  (March 22,  2002)  realized  prices,  related  to  discontinued
     operations.
(4)  Includes gain on sale of foreign subsidiaries of $ 68.9 million in 2003.
(5)  For the year ended December 31, 2003, 711,928 shares were excluded from the
     calculation of diluted  earnings per share since their inclusion would have
     been antidilutive.
(6)  Includes  gain on debt  extinguishment  of $12.6 million and a deferred tax
     benefit of $6.1 million.


                                       25
<PAGE>

Item 7. Management's  Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results
Of Operations

         Prior to February 2005, Grey Wolf  Exploration  Inc. was a wholly-owned
Canadian  subsidiary  of  Abraxas.  In February  2005,  Grey Wolf , closed on an
initial public offering resulting in the substantial  divestiture of our capital
stock in Grey  Wolf.  As a result  of the Grey  Wolf  IPO,  and the  significant
divestiture of our interest in Grey Wolf, the results of operations of Grey Wolf
are reflected in our Financial  Statements and in this document as "Discontinued
Operations"  and our  remaining  operations  are  referred  to in our  Financial
Statements  and in  this  document  as  "Continuing  Operations"  or  "Continued
Operations".   Unless  otherwise  noted,  all  disclosures  are  for  continuing
operations.

         The following is a discussion of our consolidated  financial condition,
results  of  continuing  operations,   liquidity  and  capital  resources.  This
discussion  should  be read  in  conjunction  with  our  Consolidated  Financial
Statements and the Notes thereto. See "Financial Statements" in Item 8.

General

         We  are  an  independent   energy  company  primarily  engaged  in  the
development,  and production of natural gas and crude oil.  Historically we have
grown through the  acquisition and subsequent  development  and  exploitation of
producing  properties,  principally  through  the  redevelopment  of old  fields
utilizing new  technologies  such as modern log analysis and reservoir  modeling
techniques as well as 3-D seismic surveys and horizontal  drilling.  As a result
of these activities, we believe that we have a substantial inventory of low risk
development opportunities,  which provide a basis for significant production and
reserve  increases.  In addition,  we intend to expand upon our exploitation and
development  activities with complementary low risk exploration  projects in our
core areas of operation.

         We have  incurred  net losses in two of the last five years,  and there
can be no assurance that  operating  income and net earnings will be achieved in
future   periods.   Our  financial   results  depend  upon  many  factors  which
significantly affect our results of operations including the following:

         o     the sales  prices of natural  gas,  natural gas liquids and crude
               oil ;

         o     the level of total  sales  volumes of natural  gas,  natural  gas
               liquids and crude oil;

         o     the availability of, and our ability to raise additional  capital
               resources and provide liquidity to meet cash flow needs;

         o     the level of and interest rates on borrowings; and

         o     the level and success of exploitation and development activity.

         Commodity Prices and Hedging Activities.  Our results of operations are
significantly  affected by fluctuations in commodity prices. Price volatility in
the natural gas market has remained  prevalent in the last few years. In January
2001,  the market price of natural gas was at its highest level in our operating
history and the price of crude oil was also at a high level.  However,  over the
course of 2001 and the  beginning  of the first  quarter of 2002,  prices  again
became  depressed,  primarily due to the economic  downturn.  Beginning in March
2002,  commodity  prices began to increase and continued higher through December
2004.  Prices  remained  strong during 2004 and have  continued to remain strong
during the beginning of 2005.

         The table below  illustrates how natural gas prices  fluctuated  during
2003 and 2004.  The table  below  contains  the last three day  average of NYMEX
traded  contracts  price and the prices we realized during each quarter for 2003
and 2004, including the impact of our hedging activities.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                          Natural Gas Prices by Quarter
                                 (in $ per Mcf)

                                  Quarter Ended
             ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              Mar. 31,        June 30,     Sept. 30,      Dec. 31,         Mar 31,      June 30,      Sept. 30      Dec. 31
                2003            2003         2003           2003            2004          2004          2004          2004
             ----------     ----------    -----------    ----------     ----------    ----------    ----------    -----------
<S>             <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Index           $6.61         $5.51         $5.10          $4.60          $5.69         $5.97         $5.85         $6.77
Realized        $5.30         $5.05         $4.47          $4.29          $4.98         $5.52         $5.24         $6.14

</TABLE>

                                       26
<PAGE>

         The NYMEX natural gas price on March 18, 2005 was $7.27 per Mcf.

         The table below  contains  the last three day  average of NYMEX  traded
contracts  price and the prices we  realized  during  each  quarter for 2003 and
2004.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                           Crude Oil Prices by Quarter
                                 (in $ per Bbl)

                                  Quarter Ended
             ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              Mar. 31,        June 30,     Sept. 30,      Dec. 31,         Mar 31,      June 30,      Sept. 30      Dec. 31
                2003            2003         2003           2003            2004          2004          2004          2004
             ----------     ----------    -----------    ----------     ----------    ----------    ----------    -----------
<S>            <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>
Index          $33.71        $29.87         $30.85        $29.64        $34.76         $38.48        $42.32        $49.46
Realized       $33.36        $28.54         $29.55        $29.99        $34.18         $37.29        $42.43        $46.81

</TABLE>

         The NYMEX crude oil price on March 18, 2005 was $56.72 per Bbl.

         We seek to reduce our  exposure  to price  volatility  by  hedging  our
production through swaps, options and other commodity derivative instruments. In
2002 and 2003,  we  experienced  hedging  losses of $1.5  million and  $842,000,
respectively.  For the year ended  December  31, 2004 we  recognized a gain from
hedging activities of approximately $118,000.

         Under the terms of our new revolving credit  facility,  we are required
to maintain  hedging  positions  with respect to not less than 25% nor more than
75% of our natural gas and crude oil production,  on an equivalent  basis, for a
rolling six month period.  As of December 31, 2004, we had the following  hedges
in place:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

           Time Period                         Notional Quantities                      Price
---------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- ----------------------
<S>                                <C>                                          <C>
January 2005                       7,100 MMbtu of production per day            Floor of $4.50
                                   400 Bbls of crude oil production per day     Floor of $25.00
                                   7,100 MMbtu of production per day            Floor of $4.50
February 2005                      400 Bbls of crude oil production per day     Floor of $25.00
                                   7,100 MMbtu of production per day            Floor of $4.50
March 2005                         400 Bbls of crude oil production per day     Floor of $25.00
                                   7,100 MMbtu of production per day            Floor of $4.50
April 2005                         400 Bbls of crude oil production per day     Floor of $25.00
May - December 2005                9,500 MMbtu of production per day            Floor of $5.00

</TABLE>

         Production Volumes. Because our proved reserves will decline as natural
gas,  natural  gas  liquids  and  crude  oil are  produced,  unless  we  acquire
additional   properties   containing  proved  reserves  or  conduct   successful
exploitation  and  development  activities,  our  reserves and  production  will
decrease.  Our ability to acquire or find additional reserves in the near future
will be dependent,  in part, upon the amount of available funds for acquisition,
exploitation and development projects.

         We had capital  expenditures  for 2004 of $9.3  million and  anticipate
approximately  $22.0 million, in 2005, which we expect will include the drilling
or recompletion of  approximately 16 wells.  Capital  spending  limitations that
existed  under the terms of our prior senior  credit  agreement  and our 11 1/2%
notes due 2007 were removed in connection  with the  refinancing  that closed in
October 2004. As a result of the  limitations,  we were limited for most of 2004
in our ability to replace existing production with new production.  If crude oil


                                       27
<PAGE>

and natural gas prices return to depressed  levels or if our  production  levels
continue to decrease,  our  revenues,  cash flow from  operations  and financial
condition will be materially adversely affected.

         Availability of Capital.  As described more fully under  "Liquidity and
Capital Resources" below, our sources of capital going forward will primarily be
cash from operating activities, funding under its new revolving credit facility,
cash on hand, and if an appropriate  opportunity presents itself,  proceeds from
the sale of  properties.  We  currently  have  approximately  $13.0  million  of
availability under our new revolving credit facility.

         Exploitation and Development Activity. We believe that our high quality
asset base,  high degree of operational  control and large inventory of drilling
projects  position us for future  growth.  Our properties  are  concentrated  in
locations  that  facilitate  substantial  economies  of  scale in  drilling  and
production  operations and more efficient  reservoir  management  practices.  We
operate 94% of the  properties  accounting for  approximately  95% of our PV-10,
giving us  substantial  control over the timing and  incurrence of operating and
capital  expenditures.  In addition, we have 47 proved undeveloped locations and
have identified over 100 drilling and recompletion opportunities on our existing
acreage,  the  successful  development  of which we believe could  significantly
increase our daily production and proved reserves.

         Our future  natural gas and crude oil  production,  and  therefore  our
success,  is highly  dependent  upon our  ability to find,  acquire  and develop
additional reserves that are profitable to produce.  The rate of production from
our natural gas and crude oil properties and our proved reserves will decline as
our reserves are produced  unless we acquire  additional  properties  containing
proved reserves,  conduct successful development and exploitation activities or,
through engineering studies,  identify additional behind-pipe zones or secondary
recovery  reserves.  We cannot assure you that our  exploitation and development
activities  will  result in  increases  in our  proved  reserves.  In  addition,
approximately  49% of our total  estimated  proved reserves at December 31, 2004
were undeveloped.  By their nature,  estimates of undeveloped  reserves are less
certain. Recovery of such reserves will require significant capital expenditures
and  successful  drilling  operations.  For a more complete  discussion of these
risks  please  see  "Risk  Factors--We  may be  unable  to  acquire  or  develop
additional  reserves,  in which case our  results of  operations  and  financial
condition would be adversely affected."

         Borrowings   and   Interest.   We  currently   have   indebtedness   of
approximately  $127  million and  availability  of $13.0  million  under the new
revolving credit facility.  We paid interest under our 11 1/2% secured notes due
2007 by the issuance of additional notes, which caused our cash interest expense
to be $3.6 million during 2003 and $7.6 million during 2004. In connection  with
the  refinancing  transactions  completed in October  2004,  interest on the new
notes will be paid in cash. This increase in cash interest  expense will require
us to increase our production and cash flow from operations in order to meet our
debt service  requirements,  as well as to fund the  development of our numerous
drilling opportunities.

         Outlook  for 2005.  As a result of final  2004  financial  results  and
current market conditions,  we have updated our operating and financial guidance
for year 2005 as follows:

          Production:
             BCFE (approximately 80% gas).......................       6.5 - 7.5
          Exit Rate (Mmcfe/d)...................................         19-21
          Price Differentials (Pre Hedge):
             $ Per Bbl..........................................          0.55
             $ Per Mcf..........................................          0.75
          Lifting Costs, $ Per Mcfe.............................          0.85
          G&A, $ Per Mcfe.......................................          0.55
          Capital Expenditures ($ Millions).....................           22.0


Results of Operations

         Selected  Operating Data. The following table sets forth certain of our
operating data for the periods presented.  All data has been restated to reflect
continuing operations.

                                       28
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                    Years Ended December 31,
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          (dollars in thousands, except per unit data)
                                                        2002                  2003                  2004
                                                 -------------------   -------------------   -------------------
Operating revenue:
<S>                                                <C>                   <C>                   <C>
   Crude oil sales.............................    $      6,208          $      6,699          $      8,843
   NGLs sales .................................             130                   193                   234
   Natural gas sales...........................          14,497                22,818                23,996
   Rig and other...............................             706                   670                   781
                                                 -------------------   -------------------   -------------------
   Total operating revenues ...................    $     21,541          $     30,380          $     33,854
                                                 ===================   ===================   ===================

   Operating income (loss).....................    $    (28,082)         $      8,720          $     10,972

   Crude oil production (MBbls)................           255.0                 220.1                 220.4
   NGLs production (MBbls).....................             9.0                   9.4                   8.9
   Natural gas production (MMcf)...............         5,471.6               4,780.7               4,403.0

   Average crude oil sales price (per Bbl)         $      24.34          $      30.43          $      40.12
   Average NGLs sales price (per Bbl)              $      14.43          $      20.46          $      26.32
   Average natural gas sales price (per Mcf)       $       2.65          $       4.77          $       5.45
</TABLE>

Revenue and average sales prices are net of hedging activities.


Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2004 to Year Ended December 31, 2003

         Operating Revenue.  During the year ended December 31, 2004,  operating
revenue from crude oil,  natural gas and natural gas liquids sales  increased by
$3.4 million from $29.7 million in 2003 to $33.1  million in 2004.  The increase
in revenue was primarily due to increased  commodity  prices realized in 2004 as
compared to 2003. The increase in revenue due to commodity  prices was partially
offset by decreased production volumes. Higher commodity prices contributed $5.2
million to natural gas and crude oil revenue  while reduced  production  volumes
had a $1.8 million negative impact on revenue.

         Natural  gas  liquids  volumes  declined  from 9.4 MBbls in 2003 to 8.9
MBbls in 2004.  Crude oil sales volumes  increased  slightly from 220.1 MBbls in
2003 to 220.4 MBbls during 2004. The increase is primarily due to the production
from new wells in  Wyoming  and west  Texas  brought  onto  production  in 2004,
offsetting  natural  field  declines in other areas.  Natural gas sales  volumes
decreased  from 4.8 Bcf in 2003 to 4.4 Bcf in 2004.  This  decrease is primarily
due to natural field declines.  There were no significant  wells brought on line
in 2004,  primarily due to significant  restrictions on capital expenditures for
most of the year.

         Average sales prices in 2004 net of hedging costs were:

            o   $40.12 per Bbl of crude oil,
            o   $26.32 per Bbl of natural gas liquids, and
            o   $ 5.45 per Mcf of natural gas.

         Average sales prices in 2003 net of hedging costs were:

            o   $30.43 per Bbl of crude oil,
            o   $20.46 per Bbl of natural gas liquids, and
            o   $ 4.77 per Mcf of natural gas.

         Lease Operating  Expense.  Lease operating  expense,  or LOE, increased
slightly from $8.3 million in 2003 to $8.6 million in 2004.  The increase in LOE
was primarily due to higher  production  taxes  associated with higher commodity
prices in 2004 as  compared  to 2003.  Our LOE on a per Mcfe  basis for the year


                                       29
<PAGE>

ended December 31, 2004 was $1.48 per Mcfe compared to $1.35 for 2003, primarily
due to the decrease in production volumes.

         G&A Expense.  G&A expense  increased  from $4.0 million in 2003 to $5.1
million in 2004.  The increase in G&A expense was primarily  due to  performance
bonuses in 2004.  Our G&A  expense on a per Mcfe basis  increased  from $0.65 in
2003 to $0.89 in 2004.  The  increase in the per Mcfe cost was due to  increased
expense and to lower production volumes in 2004 as compared to 2003.

         Stock-based Compensation Expense. Effective July 1, 2000, the Financial
Accounting  Standards  Board  ("FASB")  issued FIN 44,  "Accounting  for Certain
Transactions  Involving Stock  Compensation",  an  interpretation  of Accounting
Principles  Board  Opinion No.  ("APB") 25.  Under the  interpretation,  certain
modifications  to fixed  stock  option  awards,  which were made  subsequent  to
December 15, 1998,  and not  exercised  prior to July 1, 2000,  require that the
awards be subject to variable accounting until they are exercised, forfeited, or
expired.  In March 1999,  we amended the exercise  price to $2.06 on all options
with an existing  exercise price greater than $2.06. In January 2003, we amended
the  exercise  price to $0.66  per share on  certain  options  with an  existing
exercise  price  greater  than  $0.66  per  share  which  resulted  in  variable
accounting.  We charged  approximately  $1.3 million to stock based compensation
expense in 2004 related to these  repricings,  compared to $1.1  million  during
2003.  The  increase is due to the  increase in the price of our common stock in
2004.

         DD&A  Expense.   Depreciation,   depletion  and  amortization   expense
decreased  from $7.6  million in 2003 to $7.2  million in 2004.  The decrease in
DD&A was primarily due to decreased production volumes in 2004. Our DD&A expense
on a per Mcfe basis for 2004 was $1.25 per Mcfe as compared to $1.24 per Mcfe in
2003.

         Interest  Expense.  Interest  expense  increased  from $16.3 million to
$17.9  million for 2004 compared to 2003.  The increase in interest  expense was
due to  increased  debt levels in 2004,  prior to the  refinancing  completed in
October 2004.  The increase in debt was primarily due to the payment of interest
by the issuance of new notes related to the 11 1/2% notes due 2007.

         Financing  Cost.  Financing  cost in 2004 was $1.7 million  compared to
$4.4 million in 2003.  Financing  cost  represent  costs related to  refinancing
activities,  which do not  qualify for  amortization  over the life of the debt.
Financing  costs in 2003 were related to the  restructuring  transaction,  which
occurred in January 2003.  The 2004 costs relate to the  refinancing  activities
during 2004.

         Income  from   discontinued   operations.   Income  from   discontinued
operations  was $3.3  million in 2004  compared to $70.0  million in 2003.  This
represents income from our Canadian subsidiary, which was sold in February 2005.
Income in 2003  included a gain on the sale of foreign  subsidiaries  in January
2003 of $68.9 million.  Excluding this gain, income in 2003 would have been $1.1
million.  The  increase  in income in 2004,  exclusive  of the gain,  was due to
increased production and higher commodity prices in 2004 as compared to 2003.

Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2003 to Year Ended December 31, 2002

         Operating Revenue.  During the year ended December 31, 2003,  operating
revenue from crude oil,  natural gas and natural gas liquids sales  increased by
$8.9 million from $20.8 million in 2002 to $29.7  million in 2003.  The increase
in revenue was primarily due to increased commodity prices realized during 2003.
The  increase  in natural  gas and crude oil revenue  resulting  from  increased
prices was somewhat offset by decreased  production  volumes.  Higher  commodity
prices  contributed  $11.5  million to natural gas and crude oil  revenue  while
reduced production volumes had a $2.6 million negative impact on revenue.

         Natural gas  liquids  volumes  increased  from 9.0 MBbls in 2002 to 9.4
MBbls in 2003.  Crude oil sales  volumes  declined  from 255.0  MBbls in 2002 to
220.1 MBbls during 2003. Crude oil production decreased due primarily to natural
field declines.  Natural gas sales volumes decreased from 5.5 Bcf in 2002 to 4.8
Bcf in 2003.  This decrease in  production  volumes was primarily due to natural
field declines and property sales in 2002. Limited drilling activity in 2002 and
2003 due to capital  expenditure  limitations also contributed to the decline in
production volumes.

                                       30
<PAGE>

         Average sales prices in 2003 net of hedging costs were:

            o   $30.43 per Bbl of crude oil,
            o   $20.46 per Bbl of natural gas liquids, and
            o   $ 4.77 per Mcf of natural gas.

         Average sales prices in 2002 net of hedging costs were:

            o   $24.34 per Bbl of crude oil,
            o   $14.43 per Bbl of natural gas liquids, and
            o   $ 2.65 per Mcf of natural gas.

         Lease Operating  Expense.  Lease operating  expense,  or LOE, increased
from $7.6  million  in 2002 to $8.3  million  in 2003.  The  increase  in LOE is
primarily due to higher production taxes associated with higher commodity prices
in 2003 as  compared  to 2002.  Our LOE on a per Mcfe  basis for the year  ended
December 31, 2003 was $1.35 per Mcfe  compared to $1.08 for 2002,  primarily due
to the  decrease  in  production  volumes  as well as the  overall  increase  in
expense.

         G&A  Expense.  General and  administrative,  or G&A,  expense  remained
constant at $4.0  million in 2002 and 2003.  Our G&A expense on a per Mcfe basis
increased from $0.57 in 2002 to $0.65 in 2003. The increase in the per Mcfe cost
was due primarily to lower production volumes in 2003 as compared to 2002.

         Stock-based Compensation Expense. Effective July 1, 2000, the Financial
Accounting  Standards  Board  ("FASB")  issued FIN 44,  "Accounting  for Certain
Transactions  Involving Stock  Compensation",  an  interpretation  of Accounting
Principles  Board  Opinion No.  ("APB") 25.  Under the  interpretation,  certain
modifications  to fixed  stock  option  awards  which  were made  subsequent  to
December 15, 1998,  and not  exercised  prior to July 1, 2000,  require that the
awards be subject to variable accounting until they are exercised, forfeited, or
expired.  In March 1999,  we amended the exercise  price to $2.06 on all options
with an existing  exercise price greater than $2.06. In January 2003, we amended
the  exercise  price to $0.66  per share on  certain  options  with an  existing
exercise  price  greater  than  $0.66  per  share  which  resulted  in  variable
accounting.  We charged  approximately  $1.1 million to stock based compensation
expense in 2003 related to these  repricings.  During 2002, we did not recognize
any  stock-based  compensation  due to the  decline  in the price of our  common
stock.

         DD&A  Expense.   Depreciation,   depletion  and  amortization   expense
decreased by $1.6 million from $9.2 million in 2002 to $7.6 million in 2003. The
decrease in DD&A was primarily due to the ceiling limitation  write-downs in the
second quarter of 2002, and decreased  production  volumes during 2003. Our DD&A
expense on a per Mcfe basis for 2003 was $1.24 per Mcfe as compared to $1.30 per
Mcfe in 2002.

         Interest  Expense.  Interest  expense  decreased  from $24.7 million to
$16.3  million for 2003 compared to 2002.  The decrease in interest  expense was
due to the reduction in debt in 2003.  Total debt was reduced as a result of the
transactions  which occurred on January 23, 2003.  Total debt was $201.9 million
as of December 31, 2002 compared to $184.6 million at December 31, 2003.

         Income  from   discontinued   operations.   Income  from   discontinued
operations  was $70.0  million in 2003  compared  to a loss of $63.4  million in
2002. This  represents  income from our Canadian  subsidiary,  which was sold in
February  2005.  The  loss in 2002 was  primarily  due to a  ceiling  limitation
writedown in that year of  approximately  $87.8 million offset by a deferred tax
benefit of $29.7 million.  The income in 2003 was primarily due to a gain on the
sale of Canadian subsidiaries in January 2003 of $68.9 million.

         Ceiling  Limitation  Write-down.  We record the  carrying  value of our
natural gas and crude oil  properties  using the full cost method of accounting.
For more information on the full cost method of accounting,  you should read the
description under "Critical Accounting Policies-- Full Cost Method of Accounting
for Natural gas and crude oil Activities". At June 30, 2002, our net capitalized
costs of natural gas and crude oil properties  exceeded the present value of our
estimated  proved  reserves by $28.2  million.  These  amounts  were  calculated
considering  June 30,  2002 prices of $26.12 per Bbl for crude oil and $2.16 per


                                       31
<PAGE>

Mcf for natural gas as adjusted to reflect the expected realized prices for each
of the full cost pools. At December 31, 2003 and 2004 our net  capitalized  cost
of natural gas and crude oil  properties did not exceed the present value of our
estimated  reserves,  plus the cost of  properties  not being  amortized and the
lower of cost of fair value of unproved  properties being included in cost being
amortized,  less related income taxes,  due to increased  commodity  prices,  as
such, no  write-down  was recorded in 2003 or 2004. We cannot assure you that we
will not experience additional ceiling limitation write-downs in the future.

         The risk that we will be required to write-down  the carrying  value of
our natural gas and crude oil assets  increases  when  natural gas and crude oil
prices are depressed or volatile. In addition,  write-downs may occur if we have
substantial downward revisions in our estimated proved reserves or if purchasers
or  governmental  action cause an abrogation  of, or if we  voluntarily  cancel,
long-term  contracts  for our natural gas. We cannot assure you that we will not
experience additional  write-downs in the future. If commodity prices decline or
if any of our proved reserves are revised downward,  a further write-down of the
carrying value of our natural gas and crude oil properties may be required.


Liquidity and Capital Resources

         General.  The  natural gas and crude oil  industry is a highly  capital
intensive and cyclical business. Our capital requirements are driven principally
by our  obligations  to  service  debt and to fund the  following  costs:

            o   the development of existing  properties,  including drilling and
                completion costs of wells;

            o   acquisition of interests in additional natural gas and crude oil
                properties; and

            o   production and transportation facilities.

The amount of capital  expenditures  we are able to make has a direct  impact on
our ability to increase cash flow from  operations and,  thereby,  will directly
affect our ability to service our debt  obligations  and to continue to grow the
business  through the development of existing  properties and the acquisition of
new properties.

         Our  sources of  capital  going  forward  will  primarily  be cash from
operating activities,  funding under our new revolving credit facility,  cash on
hand, and if an appropriate  opportunity presents itself, proceeds from the sale
of properties. However, under the terms of the notes, proceeds of optional sales
of our assets  that are not timely  reinvested  in new natural gas and crude oil
assets  will be  required  to be used to reduce  indebtedness  and  proceeds  of
mandatory sales must be used to repay or redeem indebtedness.

         Working Capital (Deficit).  The following discussion represents working
capital from continuing operations. At December 31, 2004 our current liabilities
of  approximately  $11.9  million  exceeded  our current  assets of $8.0 million
resulting  in a working  capital  deficit of $3.9  million.  This  compares to a
working  capital  deficit  of $2.0  million as of  December  31,  2003.  Current
liabilities as of December 31, 2004 consisted of trade payables of $5.6 million,
revenues due third  parties $2.4 million,  accrued  interest of $2.2 million and
other accrued liabilities of $ 1.6 million.

         Capital  Expenditures.  Capital  expenditures related to our continuing
operations  in 2002,  2003 and 2004 were $5.1  million,  $9.2  million  and $9.3
million,  respectively.  The table  below  sets  forth the  components  of these
capital expenditures for the three years ended December 31, 2004.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                 2002                      2003                     2004
                                           ------------------        -----------------         ---------------
                                                                 (dollars in thousands)
Expenditure category:
<S>                                           <C>                       <C>                       <C>
      Development                             $    4,944                $   9,158                 $  9,088
      Facilities and other                           126                       36                      181
                                           ------------------        -----------------         ----------------
      Total                                   $    5,070                $   9,194                 $  9,269
                                           ==================        =================         ================
</TABLE>

                                       32
<PAGE>

         During 2002, 2003 and 2004, capital expenditures were primarily for the
development of existing  properties.  We anticipate making capital  expenditures
for  2005  of  approximately  $22.0  million,   which  we  expect  will  include
development  activities  related  to  approximately  16  projects.  Our  capital
expenditures  could also  include  expenditures  for  acquisition  of  producing
properties if such  opportunities  arise,  but we currently  have no agreements,
arrangements or  undertakings  regarding any material  acquisitions.  We have no
material  long-term capital  commitments and are consequently able to adjust the
level of our expenditures as circumstances dictate.  Additionally,  the level of
capital  expenditures  will  vary  during  future  periods  depending  on market
conditions and other related economic factors.  Should the prices of natural gas
and crude oil decline from current  levels,  our cash flows will decrease  which
may result in a reduction of the capital expenditures budget. If we decrease our
capital  expenditures budget, we may not be able to offset natural gas and crude
oil production  volumes  decreases caused by natural field declines and sales of
producing properties, if any.

         Sources of  Capital.  The net funds  provided by and/or used in each of
the  operating,  investing  and  financing  activities,  related  to  continuing
operations,  are  summarized  in the  following  table and  discussed in further
detail below:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                               2002               2003             2004
                                                           --------------     -------------     ------------
                                                                        (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                          <C>                <C>               <C>
Net cash provided by operating activities                    $  2,148           $ 11,479          $ 27,000
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities             4,655             (9,194)           (9,269)
Net cash used in financing activities                          (9,692)           (88,652)          (65,684)
                                                           --------------     -------------     ------------
Total                                                      $   (2,889)        $  (86,367)       $  (47,953)
                                                           ==============     =============     ============
</TABLE>

         Operating  activities  for the year ended December 31, 2004 provided us
with $27.0  million of cash.  Expenditures  in 2004 of  approximately  $9.3 were
primarily for the development of natural gas and crude oil properties. Financing
activities  used $65.7 million during 2004,  primarily for payments on long-term
debt and deferred financing fees.

         Operating  activities  for the year ended December 31, 2003 provided us
with $11.5 million of cash.  Investing activities used $9.2 million during 2003.
Financing  activities  used $88.7 million during 2003.  Most of these funds were
used to reduce our long-term debt and were generated by the sale of our Canadian
subsidiaries  and the exchange offer  completed in January 2003. The sale of our
Canadian subsidiaries  contributed $85.8 million in 2003 reduced by $9.2 million
in  exploitation  and  development  expenditures.   Expenditures  in  2003  were
primarily for the development of natural gas and crude oil properties.

         Operating  activities  for the year ended December 31, 2002 provided us
$2.1 million of cash.  Investing  activities  provided $4.7 million during 2002.
Our investing  activities  included the sale of properties  which  provided $9.8
million,  and the use of $5.1 million primarily for the development of producing
properties.  Financing  activities  used  $9.7  million  during  2002,  relating
primarily to payments on long-term debt.

         Future Capital  Resources.  We currently have four principal sources of
liquidity going forward: (i) cash from operating activities,  (ii) funding under
our  new  revolving  credit  facility,  (iii)  cash  on  hand,  and  (iv)  if an
appropriate opportunity presents itself, the sale of producing properties. While
we are no longer subject to the $10 million  limitation on capital  expenditures
under our 11 1/2% secured notes due 2007,  covenants under the indenture for the
new notes and the new revolving  credit  facility  restrict our use of cash from
operating activities,  cash on hand and any proceeds from asset sales. Under the
terms of the notes, proceeds of optional sales of our assets that are not timely
reinvested  in new  natural gas and crude oil assets will be required to be used
to reduce  indebtedness  and proceeds of mandatory  sales must be used to redeem
indebtedness.  The terms of the notes and the new revolving credit facility also
substantially restrict our ability to:

            o   incur additional indebtedness;

            o   grant liens;

                                       33
<PAGE>

            o   pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments;

            o   merge or consolidate with any other person; or

            o   sell, assign,  transfer,  lease,  convey or otherwise dispose of
                all or substantially all of our assets.

         Our cash flow from operations  depends heavily on the prevailing prices
of natural gas and crude oil and our production volumes of natural gas and crude
oil. Significant  downturns in commodity prices, such as that experienced in the
last nine months of 2001 and the first quarter of 2002, can reduce our cash flow
from operating activities.  Although we have hedged a portion of our natural gas
and crude oil production and will continue this practice as required pursuant to
the new  revolving  credit  facility,  future  natural  gas and  crude oil price
declines  would have a  material  adverse  effect on our  overall  results,  and
therefore,  our  liquidity.  Low  natural  gas and crude oil  prices  could also
negatively affect our ability to raise capital on terms favorable to us.


         Our cash  flow from  operations  will also  depend  upon the  volume of
natural gas and crude oil that we produce.  Unless we otherwise expand reserves,
our  production  volumes will decline as reserves are produced.  Due to sales of
properties in 2002 and January 2003, and  restrictions  on capital  expenditures
under the terms of our old notes, we now have significantly reduced reserves and
production as compared with pre-2003  levels.  In the future,  if an appropriate
opportunity  presents  itself,  we may sell additional  properties,  which could
further reduce our production  volumes. To offset the loss in production volumes
resulting from natural field declines and sales of producing properties, we must
conduct successful,  exploitation and development activities, acquire additional
producing  properties  or identify  additional  behind-pipe  zones or  secondary
recovery  reserves.  While we have had some success in primarily  pursuing these
activities  since  January 1, 2003,  we have not been able to fully  replace the
production  volumes lost from natural  field  declines  and property  sales.  We
believe  our  numerous  drilling  opportunities  will allow us to  increase  our
production  volumes;  however,  our drilling  activities are subject to numerous
risks,  including the risk that no commercially  productive natural gas or crude
oil reservoirs will be found.  The risk of not finding  commercially  productive
reservoirs will be compounded by the fact that 49% of our total estimated proved
reserves at December 31, 2004 were undeveloped. If the volume of natural gas and
crude oil we produce decreases, our cash flow from operations will decrease.

         Our total indebtedness and cash interest expense as a result of issuing
the new notes and entering into the new revolving  credit facility require us to
increase our production and cash flow from  operations in order to meet our debt
service  requirements,  as well  as to  fund  the  development  of our  numerous
drilling opportunities. The ability to satisfy these new obligations will depend
upon our drilling success as well as prevailing commodity prices.

         Contractual  Obligations.  We are  committed to making cash payments in
the future on the following types of agreements:

            o   Long-term debt
            o   Operating leases for office facilities

We have no  off-balance  sheet debt or  unrecorded  obligations  and we have not
guaranteed  the debt of any  other  party.  Below is a  schedule  of the  future
payments  that we are  obligated  to make  based  on  agreements  in place as of
December 31, 2004.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

 Contractual Obligations                                 Payments due in:
 (dollars in thousands)
 --------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  Total        Less than                                 More than 5
                                                one year     1-3 years     3-5 years        years
----------------------------- --------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- ---------------
<S>                           <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>
Long-Term Debt (1)            $   126,425    $        -    $        -    $    1,425     $  125,000
Operating Leases (2)                  338           254            84             -              -

</TABLE>

                                       34
<PAGE>

(1)  These amounts represent the balances outstanding under Floating Rate Senior
     Secured Notes due 2009 and the new credit facility. These repayments assume
     that  interest  will be will be paid on an as due and that we will not draw
     down additional funds thereunder.
(2)  These amounts represent office lease obligations, expiring in 2006.

         Contingencies.  In 2001,  Abraxas and a limited  partnership,  of which
Wamsutter Holdings, Inc. is the general partner (the "Partnership"),  were named
in a lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in the District of Wyoming.  The claim
asserted breach of contract,  fraud and negligent  misrepresentation  by Abraxas
and the Partnership related to the responsibility for year 2000 ad valorem taxes
on natural gas and crude oil properties sold by Abraxas and the Partnership.  In
February  2002, a summary  judgment was granted to the  plaintiff in this matter
and a final judgment in the amount of $1.3 million was entered.  Abraxas and the
Partnership  appealed the District Court's judgment and on November 3, 2004, the
U.S.  Court of  Appeals  for the 10th  Circuit  affirmed  the  District  Court's
decision.  On December 14, 2004,  the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit
entered a mandate for the District Court to enforce the judgment. As of December
27, 2004,  the final  judgment  amount was  approximately  $1.55 million  (which
includes  accrued and unpaid interest since February 2002).  Abraxas has decided
not to pursue  further  appeals and has paid its portion of the final  judgment,
approximately  $1  million,  for which  Abraxas  had  previously  established  a
reserve.

         Other  obligations.  We make  and  will  continue  to make  substantial
capital   expenditures  for  the  acquisition,   exploitation   development  and
production  of crude oil and  natural  gas.  In the  past,  we have  funded  our
operations and capital expenditures primarily through cash flow from operations,
sales of properties,  sales of production payments and borrowings under our bank
credit facilities and other sources. Given our high degree of operating control,
the timing and  incurrence  of  operating  and capital  expenditures  is largely
within our discretion.

         Long-Term  Indebtedness.   The  financial  restructuring  completed  in
October 2004  resulted in the  redemption  of our 11 1/2% secured notes due 2007
and terminating our previous senior credit facility with the proceeds from:

            o   the  issuance  of $125  million  aggregate  principal  amount of
                floating rate senior secured notes due 2009;

            o   the proceeds from our $25 million bridge loan; and

            o   the payment to us by Grey Wolf of $35 million  from the proceeds
                of Grey Wolf's $35 million term loan.

         In connection  with the Grey Wolf IPO completed in February  2005,  net
proceeds of approximately $37 million from the offering by Grey Wolf of treasury
shares were used to repay Grey Wolf's term loan in its  entirety  and  eliminate
its working capital deficit.  Net proceeds of approximately $20 million from the
secondary  shares offered by Abraxas were used to reduce the amount  outstanding
under its bridge loan to approximately $5.4 million.

         On March 24, 2005, the Company was advised of the underwriter's  intent
to exercise 3.5 million of the over allotment shares.  Closing for this exercise
is scheduled for March 31, 2005 and will provide approximately $7.5 million that
Abraxas will  utilize to payoff the  remaining  balance of its Bridge Loan.  The
remaining  proceeds  of  approximately  $2 million  will be used to pay down the
Company's revolving credit facility to, effectively, zero.


The  following  table sets forth our long-term  indebtedness  as of December 31,
2003 and 2004

                                       35
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   Long Term Indebtedness
                                                                                 December 31,
                                                                      --------------------------------
                                                                            2003            2004
                                                                      ----------------- --------------
                                                                                (in thousands)
<S>                                                                     <C>               <C>
  11 1/2% secured notes due 2007 ....................................   $  137,258        $        -
  Senior credit  agreement ..........................................       47,391                 -
  Floating rate senior secured notes due 2009........................            -           125,000
  Senior secured revolving credit facility...........................            -             1,425
                                                                      ----------------- ---------------
                                                                           184,649           126,425
  Less current maturities ...........................................            -                 -
                                                                      ----------------- ---------------
                                                                         $ 184,649         $ 126,425
                                                                      ================= ===============
</TABLE>

         Floating Rate Senior  Secured  Notes due 2009.  In connection  with the
October 2004 financial  restructuring,  Abraxas issued $125 million in principal
aggregate  amount of Floating Rate Senior  Secured Notes due 2009. The new notes
will  mature on December 1, 2009 and began  accruing  interest  from the date of
issuance,  October 28, 2004 at a per annum floating rate of six-month LIBOR plus
7.50%.  The  initial  interest  rate on the new  notes is 9.72% per  annum.  The
interest will be reset  semi-annually  on each June 1 and December 1, commencing
on June 1,  2005.  Interest  is payable  semi-annually  in arrears on June 1 and
December 1 of each year, commencing on June 1, 2005.

         The new  notes  rank  equally  among  themselves  and  with  all of our
unsubordinated and unsecured indebtedness, including our new credit facility and
senior in right of payment to our existing and future subordinated indebtedness,
including the bridge loan.

         Each of our subsidiaries, Eastside Coal Company, Inc., Sandia Oil & Gas
Corporation,  Sandia  Operating  Corp.,  Wamsutter  Holdings,  Inc.  and Western
Associated Energy Corporation (collectively,  the "Subsidiary Guarantors"),  has
unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, the payment of the principal,
premium and interest  including any additional  interest) on, the new notes on a
senior secured basis.  In addition,  any other  subsidiary or affiliate of ours,
that in the future guarantees any other  indebtedness with us, or our restricted
subsidiaries, will also be required to guarantee the new notes.

         The  new  notes  and the  Subsidiary  Guarantors'  guarantees  thereof,
together with our new credit facility and the Subsidiary  Guarantors' guarantees
thereof,  are secured by shared first  priority  perfected  security  interests,
subject  to  certain  permitted  encumbrances,  in all of our  and  each  of our
restricted  subsidiaries' material property and assets,  including substantially
all of our and their natural gas and crude oil properties and all of the capital
stock (or in the case of an unrestricted subsidiary that is a controlled foreign
corporation, up to 65% of the outstanding capital stock) of any entity, owned by
us and our restricted subsidiaries (collectively, the "Collateral").

         After April 28,  2007,  we may redeem all or a portion of the new notes
at the  redemption  prices set forth in the  indenture  with U.S.  Bank National
Association  under  which the new notes were  issued,  plus  accrued  and unpaid
interest to the date of redemption.  Prior to that date, we may redeem up to 35%
of the  aggregate  original  principal  amount  of the new  notes  using the net
proceeds of one or more equity  offerings,  in each case at the redemption price
equal to the  product  of (i) the  principal  amount of the new  notes  being so
redeemed and (ii) a redemption  price factor of 1.00 plus the per annum interest
rate on the new notes (expressed as a decimal) on the applicable redemption date
plus accrued and unpaid  interest to the applicable  redemption  date,  provided
certain conditions are also met.

         If we  experience  specific  kinds of change of  control  events,  each
holder of new notes may  require  us to  repurchase  all or any  portion of such
holder's new notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal  amount of
the new notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase.

         The indenture  governing the new notes contains  covenants that,  among
other things, limit our ability to:

            o   incur or guarantee  additional  indebtedness  and issue  certain
                types of preferred stock or redeemable stock;

                                       36
<PAGE>

            o   transfer or sell assets;

            o   create liens on assets;

            o   pay  dividends or make other  distributions  on capital stock or
                make  other   restricted   payments,   including   repurchasing,
                redeeming  or retiring  capital  stock or  subordinated  debt or
                making certain investments or acquisitions;

            o   engage in transactions with affiliates;

            o   guarantee other indebtedness;

            o   permit  restrictions  on  the  ability  of our  subsidiaries  to
                distribute or lend money to us;

            o   cause a  restricted  subsidiary  to issue  or sell  its  capital
                stock; and

            o   consolidate,  merge or transfer all or substantially  all of the
                consolidated assets of our and our restricted subsidiaries.

         The indenture  also  contains  customary  events of default,  including
nonpayment of principal or interest,  violations of covenants, cross default and
cross  acceleration  to certain  other  indebtedness,  including  our new credit
facility and bridge loan, bankruptcy, and material judgments and liabilities.

         Senior  Secured  Revolving  Credit  Facility.  On October 28, 2004,  we
entered into an agreement for a new revolving  credit  facility having a maximum
commitment of $15 million, which includes a $2.5 million subfacility for letters
of credit.  Availability under the new revolving credit facility is subject to a
borrowing base  consistent  with normal and customary  natural gas and crude oil
lending transactions.

         Outstanding  amounts  under  the new  revolving  credit  facility  bear
interest at the prime rate announced by Wells Fargo Bank,  National  Association
plus 1.00%.  Subject to earlier  termination  rights and events of default,  the
stated  maturity  date under the new  revolving  credit  facility is October 28,
2008.

         We are permitted to terminate the new revolving  credit  facility,  and
under certain circumstances,  may be required, from time to time, to permanently
reduce  the  lenders'  aggregate  commitment  under  the  new  revolving  credit
facility. Such termination and each such reduction is subject to a premium equal
to the percentage listed below multiplied by the lenders'  aggregate  commitment
under the new revolving credit facility,  or, in the case of partial  reduction,
the amount of such reduction.

                         Year           % Premium
                    -------------- --------------------
                           1                1.5
                           2                1.0
                           3                0.5
                           4                0.0

         Each of our current subsidiaries has guaranteed, and each of our future
restricted subsidiaries will guarantee,  our obligations under the new revolving
credit facility on a senior secured basis. In addition,  any other subsidiary or
affiliate of ours, that in the future  guarantees any of our other  indebtedness
or of its restricted  subsidiaries will be required to guarantee our obligations
under the new revolving  credit  facility.  Obligations  under the new revolving
credit  facility are  secured,  together  with the new notes,  by a shared first
priority perfected security interest, subject to certain permitted encumbrances,
in all of our and each of our  restricted  subsidiaries'  material  property and
assets,  including  substantially all of our and their natural gas and crude oil
properties  and all of the  capital  stock  (or in the  case of an  unrestricted
subsidiary  that  is  a  controlled  foreign  corporation,  up  to  65%  of  the
outstanding  capital  stock)  in any  entity,  owned  by us and  our  restricted
subsidiaries.

                                       37
<PAGE>

         Under the new revolving  credit  facility,  we are subject to customary
covenants, including certain financial covenants and reporting requirements. The
new  revolving  credit  facility  requires  us to  maintain  a minimum  net cash
interest  coverage and also requires us to enter into hedging  agreements on not
less  than 25% or more  than 75% of our  projected  natural  gas and  crude  oil
production.

         In addition to the foregoing  and other  customary  covenants,  the new
revolving  credit  facility  contains a number of  covenants  that,  among other
things, restrict Abraxas' ability to:

            o   incur or guarantee  additional  indebtedness  and issue  certain
                types of preferred stock or redeemable stock;

            o   transfer or sell assets;

            o   create liens on assets;

            o   pay  dividends or make other  distributions  on capital stock or
                make  other   restricted   payments,   including   repurchasing,
                redeeming  or retiring  capital  stock or  subordinated  debt or
                making certain investments or acquisitions;

            o   engage in transactions with affiliates;

            o   guarantee other indebtedness;

            o   make any change in the principal nature of our business;

            o   prepay, redeem,  purchase or otherwise acquire any of our or our
                restricted subsidiaries' indebtedness;

            o   permit a change of control;

            o   directly or indirectly make or acquire any investment;

            o   cause a  restricted  subsidiary  to issue  or sell  our  capital
                stock; and

            o   consolidate,  merge or transfer all or substantially  all of the
                consolidated assets of Abraxas and our restricted subsidiaries.

         The new revolving  credit  facility also contains  customary  events of
default, including nonpayment of principal or interest, violations of covenants,
cross default and cross acceleration to certain other  indebtedness,  bankruptcy
and material  judgments  and  liabilities,  and is subject to an  Intercreditor,
Security and  Collateral  Agency  Agreement,  which  specifies the rights of the
parties thereto to the proceeds from the Collateral.

         Abraxas' New $25 Million  Second Lien  Increasing  Rate Bridge Loan. On
October 28, 2004, Abraxas borrowed $25 million under its new bridge loan.

         Interest  on the bridge loan  currently  accrues at a rate of 12.0% per
annum until October 28, 2005,  and is payable  monthly in cash.  Interest on the
bridge  loan will  thereafter  accrue at a rate of 15.0% per annum,  and will be
payable in-kind.  Subject to earlier  termination  rights and events of default,
the stated maturity date under the bridge loan is October 28, 2010.

         The bridge loan is classified as liabilities related to assets held for
sale in this document,  and was substantially  repaid subsequent to December 31,
2004.

         Intercreditor  Agreement.  The holders of the new notes,  together with
the lenders  under our new credit  facility and bridge  loan,  are subject to an
Intercreditor,  Security and Collateral  Agency  Agreement,  which specifies the
rights  of the  parties  thereto  to  the  proceeds  from  the  Collateral.  The


                                       38
<PAGE>

Intercreditor  Agreement,  among other things, (i) creates security interests in
the Collateral in favor of a collateral  agent for the benefit of the holders of
the new notes,  the new credit facility  lenders and the bridge loan lenders and
(ii) governs the priority of payments among such parties upon notice of an event
of default under the Indenture, the new credit facility or the bridge loan.

         So long as no such event of default exists,  the collateral  agent will
not collect  payments  under the new credit  facility  documents,  the indenture
governing  the new  notes  and  other  new note  documents  or the  bridge  loan
documents (collectively, the "Secured Documents"), and all payments will be made
directly to the respective creditor under the applicable Secured Document.  Upon
notice  of such an event  of  default  and for so long as an  event  of  default
exists, payments to each new credit facility lender, holder of the new notes and
bridge loan lender from us and our current  subsidiaries,  other than Grey Wolf,
and proceeds from any  disposition of any collateral,  will,  subject to limited
exceptions,  be collected by the collateral  agent for deposit into a collateral
account and then distributed as provided in the following  paragraph,  provided,
that, any payment made with proceeds from the sale or other  disposition of Grey
Wolf stock will be applied exclusively to pay amounts with respect to the bridge
loan, and no such proceeds will be deposited into the collateral account or will
be subject to the payment priority described in the following paragraph.

         Upon  notice of any such  event of  default  and so long as an event of
default  exists,  funds in the  collateral  account will be  distributed  by the
collateral agent generally in the following order of priority:

         first,  to reimburse  the  collateral  agent for  expenses  incurred in
protecting and realizing upon the value of the Collateral;

         second, to reimburse the new credit facility  administrative agent, the
trustee  and the bridge loan  administrative  agent,  on a pro rata  basis,  for
expenses  incurred in protecting  and realizing upon the value of the Collateral
while any of these parties was acting on behalf of the Control Party (as defined
below);

         third, to reimburse the new credit facility  administrative  agent, the
trustee  and the bridge loan  administrative  agent,  on a pro rata  basis,  for
expenses  incurred in protecting  and realizing upon the value of the Collateral
while any of these parties was not acting on behalf of the Control Party;

         fourth,  to pay all  accrued and unpaid  interest  (and then any unpaid
commitment fees) under the new credit facility;

         fifth, if, the collateral coverage value of three times the outstanding
obligations  under the new credit  facility  would be met after giving effect to
any payment under this clause "fifth," to pay all accrued and unpaid interest on
the new notes;

         sixth, to pay all  outstanding  principal of (and then any other unpaid
amounts,  including,  without  limitation,  any  fees,  expenses,  premiums  and
reimbursement obligations) the new credit facility;

         seventh,  to pay all accrued  and unpaid  interest on the new notes (if
not paid under clause "fifth");

         eighth, to pay all outstanding  principal of (and then any other unpaid
amounts,  including,  without  limitation,  any premium with respect to) the new
notes;

         ninth,  to pay the bridge loan lenders all accrued and unpaid  interest
under the bridge loan;

         tenth, to pay all  outstanding  principal of (and then any other unpaid
amounts, including,  without limitation, any premium with respect to) the bridge
loan; and

         eleventh,  to pay each new credit  facility  lender,  holder of the new
notes,  bridge loan lender and other  secured  party,  on a pro rata basis,  all
other amounts  outstanding under the new credit facility,  the new notes and the
bridge loan.

         To the  extent  there  exists  any  excess  monies or  property  in the
collateral account after all obligations ours and our subsidiaries',  other than
Grey Wolf,  under the new credit  facility,  the indenture and the new notes and


                                       39
<PAGE>

the bridge  loan are paid in full,  the  collateral  agent will be  required  to
return such excess to us.

         The  collateral  agent will act in  accordance  with the  Intercreditor
Agreement and as directed by the "Control Party". Prior to the occurrence of any
such event of default,  the "Control Party" will be the holders of the new notes
and the new credit  facility  lenders,  acting as a single class, by vote of the
holders  of  a  majority  of  the  aggregate  principal  amount  of  outstanding
obligations under the new notes and the new credit facility.  Upon notice of any
such event of default, the bridge loan lenders will be the Control Party for 240
days  following such notice.  If a stay under the Bankruptcy  Code occurs during
such 240-day  period,  that period will be extended by the number of days during
which that stay was effective. If the new credit facility lenders and holders of
the new notes  have not been paid in full by the end of such  specified  period,
they will become the Control  Party,  acting as a single  class,  by vote of the
holders  of  a  majority  of  the  aggregate  principal  amount  of  outstanding
obligations under the new notes and the new credit facility.

         The  Intercreditor  Agreement  provides  that  the  lien on the  assets
constituting  part of the  Collateral  that is sold or otherwise  disposed of in
accordance  with the terms of each  Secured  Document  may be released if (i) no
default or event of default exists under any of the Secured  Documents,  (ii) we
have delivered an officers'  certificate to each of the  collateral  agent,  the
trustee,  the new  credit  facility  administrative  agent and the  bridge  loan
administrative agent,  certifying that the proposed sale or other disposition of
assets is  either  permitted  or  required  by,  and is in  accordance  with the
provisions of, the applicable  Secured  Documents and (iii) the collateral agent
has acknowledged such certificate.

         The  Intercreditor  Agreement  provides for the termination of security
interests on the date that all obligations  under the Secured Documents are paid
in full.

         The Grey  Wolf  term  loan was paid in full in  February  2005 with the
proceeds of the Grey Wolf IPO. This loan is included in  Liabilities  related to
assets held for sale in the accompanying financial statements.

Hedging Activities

         Our results of operations are significantly affected by fluctuations in
commodity  prices  and we seek to reduce our  exposure  to price  volatility  by
hedging our production  through swaps,  options and other  commodity  derivative
instruments.  Under  our new  revolving  credit  facility,  we are  required  to
maintain hedge  positions on not less than 25% or more than 75% of our projected
oil and gas production for a six month rolling period. See  "--Quantitative  and
Qualitative  Disclosures  about Market  Risk--Hedging  Sensitivity"  for further
information.


Net Operating Loss Carryforwards

         At December  31,  2004,  we had,  subject to the  limitation  discussed
below, $184.0 million of net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. tax purposes.
These loss carryforwards will expire through 2022 if not utilized.

Uncertainties exist as to the future utilization of the operating loss
carryforwards under the criteria set forth under FASB Statement No. 109.
Therefore, we have established a valuation allowance of $73.2 million and $73.0
million for deferred tax assets at December 31, 2003 and 2004, respectively.

                                       40
<PAGE>
Related Party Transactions

         Accounts receivable - Other in the consolidated balance sheets includes
approximately  $35,558 and $ 0 as of December  31, 2003 and 2004,  respectively,
representing amounts due from officers relating to advances made to employees.

         Abraxas has adopted a policy that transactions  between Abraxas and its
officers, directors,  principal stockholders, or affiliates of any of them, will
be on terms no less favorable to Abraxas than can be obtained on an arm's length
basis in transactions  with third parties and must be approved by the vote of at
least a majority of the disinterested directors.

Critical Accounting Policies

         The  preparation of financial  statements in conformity  with generally
accepted  accounting   principles  requires  that  management  apply  accounting
policies and make  estimates and  assumptions  that affect results of operations
and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial  statements.
The  following   represents   those  policies  that   management   believes  are
particularly  important to the financial  statements and that require the use of
estimates and assumptions to describe matters that are inherently uncertain.

         Full  Cost  Method  of  Accounting   for  Natural  gas  and  crude  oil
Activities.  SEC Regulation  S-X defines the financial  accounting and reporting
standards for  companies  engaged in natural gas and crude oil  activities.  Two
methods are prescribed:  the successful efforts method and the full cost method.
We have chosen to follow the full cost method  under which all costs  associated
with property acquisition, exploitation and development are capitalized. We also
capitalize  internal costs that can be directly identified with our acquisition,
exploitation and development  activities and do not include any costs related to
production,   general  corporate  overhead  or  similar  activities.  Under  the
successful  efforts  method,  geological  and  geophysical  costs  and  costs of
carrying  and  retaining  undeveloped  properties  are  charged  to  expense  as
incurred.  Costs of  drilling  exploratory  wells  that do not  result in proved
reserves  are  charged to expense.  Depreciation,  depletion,  amortization  and
impairment of natural gas and crude oil properties are generally calculated on a
well by well or lease  or  field  basis  versus  the  "full  cost"  pool  basis.
Additionally,  gain or loss is generally  recognized on all sales of natural gas
and crude oil properties  under the successful  efforts method.  As a result our
financial  statements  will  differ  from  companies  that apply the  successful
efforts  method since we will  generally  reflect a higher level of  capitalized
costs as well as a higher  depreciation,  depletion and amortization rate on our
natural gas and crude oil properties.

         At the time it was  adopted,  management  believed  that the full  cost
method would be preferable,  as earnings tend to be less volatile than under the
successful efforts method. However, the full cost method makes us susceptible to
significant  non-cash charges during times of volatile  commodity prices because
the full cost pool may be impaired  when prices are low.  These  charges are not
recoverable  when  prices  return to higher  levels.  We have  experienced  this
situation  several times over the years,  most recently in 2002. Our natural gas
and crude oil reserves have a relatively long life. However,  temporary drops in
commodity  prices can have a material  impact on our business  including  impact
from the full cost method of accounting.

         Under full cost accounting  rules,  the net capitalized cost of natural
gas and crude oil  properties  may not exceed a "ceiling  limit"  which is based
upon the present value of estimated  future net cash flows from proved reserves,
discounted  at 10%,  plus the  lower of cost or fair  market  value of  unproved
properties and the cost of properties not being amortized, less income taxes. If
net capitalized costs of natural gas and crude oil properties exceed the ceiling
limit,  we must  charge the amount of the excess to  earnings.  This is called a
"ceiling  limitation  write-down."  This  charge  does not impact cash flow from
operating  activities,  but does reduce our  stockholders'  equity and  reported
earnings.  The risk that we will be required to write down the carrying value of
natural gas and crude oil  properties  increases  when natural gas and crude oil
prices are  depressed or  volatile.  In  addition,  write-downs  may occur if we
experience  substantial downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves or
if purchasers  cancel  long-term  contracts for our natural gas  production.  An
expense  recorded in one period may not be reversed in a subsequent  period even
though  higher  natural gas and crude oil prices may have  increased the ceiling
applicable to the subsequent period.

                                       41
<PAGE>

         For the year ended  December  31,  2002,  we recorded a  write-down  of
approximately $28.2 million related to continuing operations.  The write-down in
2002 was due to low  commodity  prices.  We cannot  assure  you that we will not
experience additional write-downs in the future.

         Estimates of Proved  Natural Gas and Crude Oil  Reserves.  Estimates of
our proved reserves included in this report are prepared in accordance with GAAP
and SEC guidelines. The accuracy of a reserve estimate is a function of:

            o   the quality and quantity of available data;

            o   the interpretation of that data;

            o   the accuracy of various mandated economic assumptions;

            o   and the judgment of the persons preparing the estimate.


         Our proved  reserve  information  included  in this report was based on
evaluations prepared by independent  petroleum engineers.  Estimates prepared by
other third parties may be higher or lower than those included  herein.  Because
these  estimates  depend on many  assumptions,  all of which  may  substantially
differ from future actual results,  reserve estimates will be different from the
quantities of oil and gas that are ultimately recovered. In addition, results of
drilling,  testing  and  production  after the date of an  estimate  may justify
material revisions to the estimate.

         You should not assume that the  present  value of future net cash flows
is the current market value of our estimated proved reserves. In accordance with
SEC requirements,  we based the estimated  discounted future net cash flows from
proved  reserves on prices and costs on the date of the estimate.  Actual future
prices and costs may be materially  higher or lower than the prices and costs as
of the date of the estimate.

         The estimates of proved reserves materially impact DD&A expense. If the
estimates of proved reserves  decline,  the rate at which we record DD&A expense
will increase,  reducing future net income. Such a decline may result from lower
market prices, which may make it uneconomic to drill for and produce higher cost
fields.

         Asset  Retirement  Obligations  The estimated  costs of restoration and
removal of facilities are accrued.  The fair value of a liability for an asset's
retirement  obligation is recorded in the period in which it is incurred and the
corresponding  cost capitalized by increasing the carrying amount of the related
long-lived  asset.  The  liability  is accreted to its then  present  value each
period,  and the  capitalized  cost is  depreciated  over the useful life of the
related asset.  For all periods  presented,  we have included  estimated  future
costs of abandonment and  dismantlement in our full cost  amortization  base and
amortize these costs as a component of our depletion expense.

         Hedge Accounting. From time to time, we use commodity price hedges to
limit our exposure to fluctuations in natural gas and crude oil prices. Results
of those hedging transactions are reflected in natural gas and crude oil sales.

         Statement  of  Financial  Accounting   Standards,   ("SFAS")  No.  133,
"Accounting for Derivative  Instruments and Hedging  Activities,"  was effective
for us on January 1, 2001.  SFAS 133,  as amended and  interpreted,  establishes
accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments, including certain
derivative instruments embedded in other contracts,  and for hedging activities.
In  2003  we  elected  out of  hedge  accounting  as  prescribed  by  SFAS  133.
Accordingly all derivatives, whether designated in hedging relationships or not,
are required to be recorded at fair value on our balance sheet.  Changes in fair
value of contracts are recognized in earnings in the current period.

      Due to the volatility of natural gas and crude oil prices and, to a lesser
extent, interest rates, our financial condition and results of operations can be
significantly impacted by changes in the market value of our derivative
instruments. As of December 31, 2003 and 2004 the net market value of our
derivatives was an asset of $21,136 and $528,165 respectively.

                                       42
<PAGE>

New Accounting Pronouncements

         In November  2004 , the FASB issued SFAS No. 151,  entitled " Inventory
Costs - an amendment  of ARB 43,  chapter.  The purpose of this  statement is to
clarify the accounting for abnormal amounts of idle facilities expense, freight,
handling  cost and wasted  material.  This  statement is effective for inventory
costs  incurred  during  fiscal  years  beginning  after June 15,  2005.  We are
evaluating  the effect of this  statement on our operations and do not expect it
to impact our financial statements.

         In December 2004 the FASB issued "Summary of Statement No. 123 (revised
2004),   Share-Based  Payment.  This  statement  addresses  the  accounting  for
share-based  payment  transactions  in which  an  enterprise  receives  employee
services  in exchange  for:  (1) equity  instruments  of the  enterprise  or (2)
liabilities  that  are  based  on the  fair  value  of the  enterprise's  equity
instruments  or that may be settled by the issuance of such equity  instruments.
The proposed  statement  would  eliminate the ability to account for share-based
compensation transactions using APB Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued
to Employees"  and generally  would require  instead that such  transactions  be
accounted for using a fair value-based method. As proposed, this statement is be
effective as of the  beginning of the first interim or annual  reporting  period
that begins after June 15, 2005.  We are currently  evaluating  what effect this
statement will have on our financial position or results of operations.

         In December 2004 the FASB issued FASB No. 153,  entitled " Exchanges of
Nonmonetary  Assets - an  amendment  of ABP Opinion No. 29". The guidance in ABP
Opinion No. 29 is based on the principle that  exchanges of  nonmonetary  assets
should be measured based on the fair value of the assets exchanged. The guidance
in that Opinion,  however,  included certain exceptions to that principle.  This
statement  amends  Opinion 29 to eliminate  the  exception  for  nonmonetary  of
similar productive assets and replaces it with a general exception for exchanges
of  nonmonetary  assets that do not have  commercial  substance.  A  nonmonetary
exchange  has  commercial  substance  if the future cash flows of the entity are
expected to change  significantly as a result of the exchange.  The statement is
effective for nonmonetary  exchanges occurring in fiscal periods beginning after
June 15, 2005.  We do not  anticipate  this  statement  impacting  our financial
statements.

         In September 2004, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued "Staff
Accounting  Bulletin  No. 106" (SAB No.  106).  SAB No. 106 applies to companies
using  the  full  cost  method  of  accounting  for oil and gas  properties  and
equipment costs. SAB No. 106 affects the way in which companies  calculate their
full cost ceiling limitation  (including asset retirement cost related to proved
developed  properties in the  calculation  of the ceiling) and the way companies
calculate  depletion on oil and gas properties  (only asset  retirement cost for
new recompletions and new wells will be included in future  development costs in
calculating  depletion rates).  The Company does not anticipate that adoption of
SAB No 106 will have a significant  inpact on its financial  position or results
of operations.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

 Commodity Price Risk

         As an independent natural gas and crude oil producer, our revenue, cash
flow from  operations,  other  income and  equity  earnings  and  profitability,
reserve  values,  access to capital and future rate of growth are  substantially
dependent upon the prevailing  prices of crude oil,  natural gas and natural gas
liquids.  Declines in  commodity  prices will  materially  adversely  affect our
financial  condition,  liquidity,  ability  to obtain  financing  and  operating
results.  Lower commodity  prices may reduce the amount of natural gas and crude
oil that we can produce economically. Prevailing prices for such commodities are
subject to wide  fluctuation  in response to relatively  minor changes in supply
and demand and a variety  of  additional  factors  beyond our  control,  such as
global  political and economic  conditions.  Historically,  prices  received for
natural gas and crude oil production have been volatile and  unpredictable,  and
such  volatility  is expected to  continue.  Most of our  production  is sold at
market  prices.  Generally,  if the commodity  indexes  fall,  the price that we
receive for our production will also decline.  Therefore,  the amount of revenue
that we realize is partially determined by factors beyond our control.  Assuming
the production levels we attained during the year ended December 31, 2004, a 10%


                                       43
<PAGE>

decline in crude oil,  natural gas and natural  gas  liquids  prices  would have
reduced our operating  revenue and cash flow by  approximately  $3.3 million for
the year.

Hedging Sensitivity

         On January 1, 2001, we adopted SFAS 133 as amended by SFAS 137 and SFAS
138.  Under SFAS 133,  all  derivative  instruments  are recorded on the balance
sheet at fair value. In 2003 we elected not to designate derivative  instruments
as hedges. Accordingly the instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair
value with  changes in the market  value of the  derivatives  being  recorded in
current oil and gas revenue.

         Under the terms of our new revolving credit  facility,  we are required
to maintain  hedging  positions  with respect to not less than 25% nor more than
75% of our natural gas and crude oil production for a rolling six month period.

         All hedge transactions are subject to our risk management policy, which
has been approved by the Board of Directors.

         As of December 31, 2004, we had the following hedges in place:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

               Time Period                     Notional Quantities                     Price
        --------------------------- ------------------------------------------ ----------------------
<S>                                 <C>                                                 <C>
        January 2005                7,100 MMbtu of production per day          Floor of $4.50
                                    400 Bbls of crude oil production per day   Floor of $25.00
        February 2005               7,100 MMbtu of production per day          Floor of $4.50
                                    400 Bbls of crude oil production per day   Floor of $25.00
        March 2005                  7,100 MMbtu of production per day          Floor of $4.50
                                    400 Bbls of crude oil production per day   Floor of $25.00
        April 2005                  7,100 MMbtu of production per day          Floor of $4.50
                                    400 Bbls of crude oil production per day   Floor of $25.00
        May - December 2005         9,500 MMbtu of production per day          Floor of $5.00
</TABLE>

Interest rate risk

         At December 31, 2004, as a result of the financial  restructuring  that
occurred in October  2004,  we had $125.0  million in  outstanding  indebtedness
under the floating rate senior  secured notes due 2009.  The notes bear interest
at a per annum rate of six-month  LIBOR plus 7.5%. The rate is  redetermined  on
June 1 and December 1 of each year,  beginning June 1, 2005. The current rate on
the new notes is 9.72%.  For every  percentage  point that the LIBOR rate rises,
our interest expense would increase by  approximately  $1.3 million on an annual
basis.  At December  31, 2004 we had $1.4  million of  outstanding  indebtedness
under our new revolving  credit  facility.  Interest on this facility accrues at
the prime rate  announced by Wells Fargo Bank plus 1.00%.  For every  percentage
point increase in the announced prime rate, our interest  expense would increase
by approximately $14,000 on an annual basis.


Item 8. Financial Statements

     For the financial  statements and supplementary  data required by this Item
8, see the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Item 9.  Changes in and  Disagreements  with  Accountants  on Accounting  and
         Financial Disclosure

     None

Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures

         As of the end of the period covered by this report, our Chief Executive
Officer  and  Chief   Financial   Officer  carried  out  an  evaluation  of  the
effectiveness  of our  "disclosure  controls and  procedures" (as defined in the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e)and 15d-15(e)) and concluded that
the disclosure controls and procedures were adequate and designed to ensure that
material information relating to Abraxas and our consolidated subsidiaries which


                                       44
<PAGE>

is required to be included in our periodic  Securities  and Exchange  Commission
filings would be made known to them by others within those entities.  There were
no  changes  in our  internal  controls  that could  materially  affect,  or are
reasonably likely to materially affect our financial reporting.

Item 9B. Other Information

         None.

                                    PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

         There is  incorporated in this Item 10 by reference that portion of our
definitive  proxy  statement for the 2005 Annual Meeting of  Stockholders  which
appears  therein  under  the  captions  "Election  of  Directors".  See also the
information in Item 4a of Part I of this Report.

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert

         The Audit  Committee  of our board of  directors  consists  of C. Scott
Bartlett, Jr., Frank M. Burke, James C. Phelps and Joseph A. Wagda. The board of
directors  has  determined  that each of the members of the Audit  Committee  is
independent  as  determined  in  accordance  with the listing  standards  of the
American  Stock  Exchange and Item 7(d) (3) (iv) of Schedule 14A of the Exchange
Act. In addition,  the board of directors has determined that C. Scott Bartlett,
Jr., as defined by SEC rules, is an audit committee financial expert.

Section 16(a) Compliance

         Section  16(a) of the  Exchange  Act  requires  Abraxas  directors  and
executive  officers and persons who own more than 10% of a  registered  class of
Abraxas equity  securities to file with the  Securities and Exchange  Commission
and the AMEX initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of
Abraxas common stock. Officers,  directors and greater than 10% stockholders are
required  by SEC  regulations  to furnish us with  copies of all such forms they
file. Based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and
written representations that no other reports were required, We believe that all
our directors and executive officers during 2004 complied on a timely basis with
all applicable filing requirements under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.

Item 11. Executive Compensation

         There is  incorporated in this Item 11 by reference that portion of our
definitive  proxy  statement for the 2005 Annual Meeting of  Stockholders  which
appears  therein under the caption  "Executive  Compensation",  except for those
parts  under  the   captions   "Compensation   Committee   Report  on  Executive
Compensation,"  "Performance  Graph",  "Audit  Committee  Report" and "Report on
Repricing of Options."


Item 12.  Security  Ownership of Certain  Beneficial  Owners and  Management and
Related Stockholder Matters

         There is  incorporated in this Item 12 by reference that portion of our
definitive  proxy  statement for the 2005 Annual Meeting of  Stockholders  which
appears   therein   under  the  caption   "Securities   Holdings  of   Principal
Stockholders, Directors and Officers."

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

         There is  incorporated in this Item 13 by reference that portion of our
definitive  proxy  statement for the 2005 Annual Meeting of  Stockholders  which
appears therein under the caption "Certain Transactions."

                                       45
<PAGE>

Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services

    There is incorporated in this Item 14 by reference that portion of our
definitive proxy statement for the 2005 Annual Meeting of Stockholders which
appears therein under the caption "Principal Auditor Fees and Services."

                                     PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

(a)1. Consolidated Financial Statements Page
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                                                                                                    <C>
         Report of  BDO Seidman LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm...................F-2

         Report of Deloitte & Touche LLP, an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm...........F-3

         Consolidated Balance Sheets,
           December 31, 2003 and 2004................................................................F-4

         Consolidated Statements of Operations,
           Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004..............................................F-6

         Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit
            Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004 ............................................F-7

         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
           Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004..............................................F-9

         Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
           Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004.............................................F-11

         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.................................................F-12
</TABLE>

(a) 2. Financial Statement Schedules

         All schedules have been omitted  because they are not  applicable,  not
required under the instructions or the information requested is set forth in the
consolidated financial statements or related notes thereto.


 (a)3.Exhibits

         The following  Exhibits have previously been filed by the Registrant or
are included following the Index to Exhibits.

Exhibit Number.                                Description

3.1      Articles  of  Incorporation  of  Abraxas.  (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our
         Registration Statement on Form S-4, No. 33-36565 (the "S-4 Registration
         Statement")).

3.2      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Abraxas dated
         October  22,  1990.  (Filed  as  Exhibit  3.3 to the  S-4  Registration
         Statement).

3.3      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Abraxas dated
         December  18,  1990.  (Filed  as  Exhibit  3.4 to the S-4  Registration
         Statement).

                                       46
<PAGE>

3.4      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Abraxas dated
         June 8, 1995.  (Filed as Exhibit 3.4 to our  Registration  Statement on
         Form S-3, No. 333-00398 (the "S-3 Registration Statement")).

3.5      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Abraxas dated
         as of August 12,  2000  (Filed as Exhibit  3.5 to our Annual  Report of
         Form 10-K filed April 2, 2001).

3.6      Amended  and  Restated  Bylaws of  Abraxas.  (Filed as  Exhibit  3.6 to
         Abraxas' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2002).

4.1      Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Abraxas.  (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to
         the S-4 Registration Statement).

4.2      Specimen Preferred Stock Certificate of Abraxas.  (Filed as Exhibit 4.2
         to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 1995).

4.3      Indenture dated October 28, 2004, by and among Abraxas,  as Issuer; the
         Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association,
         as Trustee, relating to Abraxas' Floating Rate Senior Secured Notes Due
         2009.  (filed as Exhibit  4.1 to  Abraxas'  Current  Report on Form 8-K
         filed on November 3, 2004).

4.4      Form of Rule 144A Global Note for Floating  Rate Senior  Secured  Notes
         due 2009.  (Filed as Exhibit  A-1 to Exhibit  4.1 to  Abraxas'  Current
         Report on Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2004).

4.5      Form of Regulation S Global Note for Floating Rate Senior Secured Notes
         due 2009.  (Filed as Exhibit  A-2 to Exhibit  4.1 to  Abraxas'  Current
         Report on Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2004).

4.6      Form of Accredited Investor  Certificated Note for Floating Rate Senior
         Secured  Notes  due 2009.  (Filed  as  Exhibit  A-3 to  Exhibit  4.1 to
         Abraxas' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2004).

*10.1    Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  401(k) Profit Sharing Plan.  (Filed as
         Exhibit  10.4  to  Abraxas'Registration  Statement  on  Form  S-4,  No.
         333-18673, (the "1996 Exchange Offer Registration Statement")).

*10.2    Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  Director Stock Option Plan.  (Filed as
         Exhibit 10.5 to the 1996 Exchange Offer Registration Statement).

*10.3    Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  Restricted  Share Plan for  Directors.
         (Filed as Exhibit 10.20 to Abraxas' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on
         April 12, 1994).

*10.4    Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  Amended  and  Restated  1994 Long Term
         Incentive Plan.

*10.5    Abraxas Petroleum  Corporation Incentive Performance Bonus Plan. (Filed
         as Exhibit 10.24 to Abraxas'  Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April
         12, 1994).

10.6     Form of Indemnity  Agreement  between Abraxas and each of its directors
         and officers. (Filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the 1993 S-1).

10.7     Farmout Agreement  between Grey Wolf Exploration  Limited and PrimeWest
         Energy,  Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Abraxas' Current Report on Form
         8-K/A filed on December 9, 2002).

                                       47
<PAGE>

10.8     Purchase  Agreement  dated as of October 21, 2004 by and among  Abraxas
         Petroleum Corporation,  the Subsidiary Guarantors signatory thereto and
         Guggenheim  Capital  Markets,  LLC.  (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Abraxas'
         Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 3, 2004).

10.9     Loan  Agreement  dated as of  October  28,  2004 by and  among  Abraxas
         Petroleum  Corporation,  the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, Wells
         Fargo  Foothill,  Inc.,  as Arranger and  Administrative  Agent and the
         Lenders signatory  thereto.  (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Abraxas' Current
         Report on Form 8-K filed November 3, 2004).

10.10    Loan  Agreement  dated as of  October  28,  2004 by and  among  Abraxas
         Petroleum   Corporation,   the  Subsidiary  Guarantors  party  thereto,
         Guggenheim Corporate Funding, LLC, as Arranger and Administrative Agent
         and the Lenders signatory  thereto.  (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Abraxas'
         Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 3, 2004).

*10.11   Employment Agreement between Abraxas and Robert L. G. Watson. (Filed as
         Exhibit 10.19 to the 2000 S-1 Registration Statement).

*10.12   Employment Agreement between Abraxas and Chris E. Williford.  (Filed as
         Exhibit 10.20 to the 2000 S-1 Registration Statement).

*10.13   Employment  Agreement  between  Abraxas  and Robert W.  Carington,  Jr.
         (Filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the 2000 S-1 registration Statement).

*10.14   Employment  Agreement between Abraxas and Stephen T. Wendel.  (Filed as
         Exhibit 10.26 to the S-3 Registration Statement).

*10.15   Employment Agreement between Abraxas and William H. Wallace.  (Filed as
         Exhibit 10.27 to the S-3 Registration Statement).

*10.16   Employment Agreement between Abraxas and Lee T. Billingsley.  (Filed as
         Exhibit 10.28 to the S-3 Registration Statement).

10.17    Loan  Agreement   dated  October  28,  2004  by  and  among  Grey  Wolf
         Exploration Inc.,  Guggenheim  Corporate  Funding,  LLC as Arranger and
         Administrative  Agent  and the  Lenders  signatory  thereto.  (Filed as
         Exhibit 10.4 to Abraxas'  Current  Report on Form 8-K filed November 3,
         2004).

10.18    Intercreditor,  Security and Collateral  Agency  Agreement  dated as of
         October  28,  2004 by and  among  Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation,  the
         Subsidiary  Guarantors  party  thereto,  Wells  Fargo  Foothill,  Inc.,
         Guggenheim Corporate Funding,  LLC and U.S. Bank National  Association.
         (Filed as Exhibit  10.5 to  Abraxas'  Current  Report on Form 8-K filed
         November 3, 2004).

10.19    Warrant issued to Guggenheim  Corporate Funding,  LLC dated October 28,
         2004.  (Filed as Exhibit  10.6 to Abraxas'  Current  Report on Form 8-K
         filed November 3, 2004).

10.20    Exchange and  Registration  Rights Agreement dated October 28, 2004, by
         and among Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation,  the  Subsidiary  Guarantors
         signatory  thereto,  and Guggenheim  Capital  Markets,  LLC.  (Filed as
         Exhibit 10.1 to Abraxas'  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q filed November
         12, 2004).

21.1     Subsidiaries of Abraxas.  (Filed as Exhibit 21.1 to Abraxas,  Grey Wolf
         Exploration Inc., Sandia Oil & Gas Corporation, Sandia Operating Corp.,
         Wamsutter  Holdings,  Inc.,  Western  Associated Energy Corporation and
         Eastside Coal Company,  Inc.'s Registration  Statement on Form S-1, No.
         333-103027).

23.1     Consent of BDO Seidman, LLP (filed herewith)

                                       48
<PAGE>

23.2     Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP (filed herewith).

23.3     Consent of DeGolyer and MacNaughton. (filed herewith).

31.1     Certification - Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith)

31.2     Certification - Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith)

32.1     Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  Section
         1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of
         2002 (filed herewith).

32.2     Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  Section
         1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of
         2002 (filed herewith).

*      Management Compensatory Plan or Agreement.



                                       49
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                            ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION

         By:/s/ Robert L.G. Watson              By: /s/ Chris E. Williford
           ---------------------------------    -------------------------------
           President and Principal              Exec. Vice President and
           Executive Officer                    Principal Financial and
                                                Accounting Officer
         DATED: March 29, 2005

Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,  this
report  has  been  signed  below  by the  following  persons  on  behalf  of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

         Signature                  Name and Title                        Date
         ---------                  --------------                        ----
/s/ Robert L.G. Watson        Chairman of the Board,
------------------------      President (Principal Executive
Robert L.G. Watson            Officer) and Director               March 29, 2005

/s/ Chris E. Williford        Exec. Vice President and
------------------------      Treasurer (Principal Financial
Chris  E. Williford           and Accounting Officer)             March 29, 2005

/s/ Craig S. Bartlett, Jr.    Director                            March 29, 2005
--------------------------
Craig S. Bartlett, Jr.

/s/ Franklin A. Burke         Director                            March 29, 2005
----------------------
Franklin  A. Burke

/s/ Harold D. Carter          Director                            March 29, 2005
----------------------
Harold D. Carter

/s/ Ralph F. Cox              Director                            March 29, 2005
----------------------
Ralph F. Cox

/s/ Barry J. Galt             Director                            March 29, 2005
------------------
Barry J. Galt

/s/ Dennis E. Logue           Director                            March 29, 2005
----------------------
Dennis E Logue

/s/ James C. Phelps           Director                            March 29, 2005
----------------------
James C. Phelps

/s/ Joseph A. Wagda           Director                            March 29, 2005
----------------------
Joseph A. Wagda


                                       50
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                           Page

Abraxas Petroleum Corporation and Subsidiaries


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the
    year ended December 31, 2003 and 2004...................................F-2
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the year
    ended December 31, 2002.................................................F-3
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2003 and 2004...................F-4
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
    December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004........................................F-6
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit for the years ended
    December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004........................................F-7
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
    December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004........................................F-8
Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (loss)
    for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004....................F-10
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .................................F-11


All other schedules are omitted because they are not required, are not
applicable or the information required is included in the Consolidated Financial
Statements or the notes thereto.


                                      F-1
<PAGE>



Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm



Board of Directors and Stockholders
Abraxas Petroleum Corporation

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  Abraxas
Petroleum  Corporation  as of  December  31,  2003  and  2004  and  the  related
consolidated  statements of operations,  stockholders'  deficit, cash flows, and
other  comprehensive  income  (loss) for the years ended  December  31, 2003 and
2004.  These  financial  statements  are  the  responsibility  of the  Company's
management.  Our  responsibility  is to express  an  opinion on these  financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted  our audit in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements  are free of material  misstatement.  The Company is not  required to
have,  nor were we engaged to perform,  an audit of its  internal  control over
financial reporting.  Our audits included consideration of internal control over
financial  reporting  as  a  basis  for  designing  audit  procedures  that  are
appropriate  in the  circumstances,  but not for the  purpose of  expressing  an
opinion on the  effectiveness  of the Company's  internal control over financial
reporting.  Accordingly,  we express  no such  opinion.  An audit also  includes
examining,  on a test basis,  evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the  financial   statements,   assessing  the  accounting  principles  used  and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material  respects,  the financial  position of Abraxas Petroleum
Corporation at December 31, 2003 and 2004, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the years ended  December  31, 2003 and 2004,  in  conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.



/s/ BDO Seidman, LLP

Dallas, Texas

February 28, 2005, except for Note 2 , as to which the date is March 24, 2005




                                      F-2
<PAGE>




Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm




To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Abraxas Petroleum Corporation


We  have  audited  the  accompanying   consolidated   statement  of  operations,
stockholders'  deficit,  cash flows,  and other  comprehensive  income (loss) of
Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  (the "Company") for the year ended December 31,
2002.  These  financial  statements  are  the  responsibility  of the  Company's
management.  Our  responsibility  is to express  an  opinion on these  financial
statements based on our audit.

We  conducted  our audit in  accordance  with  standards  of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audit  provides  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion,  such consolidated  financial  statements present fairly, in all
material  respects,  the results of operations and cash flows of the Company for
the year ended  December 31, 2002,  in  conformity  with  accounting  principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.





/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
San Antonio, Texas
March 10, 2003 (July 18, 2003 as to Note 17, March 28, 2005 as to the
reclassification of the 2002 consolidated financial statements for discontinued
operations referred to in Note 2)



                                      F-3
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                           ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION

                                            CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                                                      ASSETS


                                                                                December 31
                                                                   --------------------------------------
                                                                         2003                2004
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
                                                                          (Dollars in thousands)

Current assets:
<S>                                                                   <C>                <C>
   Cash ...................................................           $           -      $       1,284
   Accounts receivable:
       Joint owners .......................................                   1,271                471
       Oil and gas production sales .......................                   5,190              4,724
       Other ..............................................                     959                 66
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
                                                                              7,420              5,261
   Equipment inventory ....................................                     782                735
   Other current assets ...................................                     418                752
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
                                                                              8,620              8,032
   Assets held for sale....................................                  37,092             52,600
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
       Total current assets................................                  45,712             60,632

Property and equipment:
     Oil and gas properties, full cost method of accounting:
       Proved .............................................                 288,559            297,647
     Other property and equipment .........................                   2,749              2,930
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
           Total ..........................................                 291,308            300,577
      Less accumulated depreciation, depletion, and
       amortization .......................................                 215,287            222,500
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
       Total property and equipment - net .................                  76,021             78,077

Deferred financing fees net ...............................                   4,410              7,618
Deferred tax asset.........................................                       -              6,060
Other assets ..............................................                     294                298
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
   Total assets ...........................................           $     126,437      $     152,685
                                                                   ================== ===================




                            See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

</TABLE>


                                      F-4
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                           ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION

                                      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED)

                                       LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT


                                                                                December 31
                                                                   --------------------------------------
                                                                         2003                2004
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
                                                                          (Dollars in thousands)

Current liabilities:
<S>                                                                   <C>                <C>
   Accounts payable ..........................................        $       5,019      $       5,622
   Joint interest oil and gas production payable .............                2,056              2,443
   Accrued interest ..........................................                2,340              2,170
   Other accrued expenses ....................................                1,228              1,654
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
                                                                             10,643             11,889
   Liabilities related to assets held for sale................                2,572             66,947
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
     Total current liabilities................................               13,215             78,836

Long-term debt ...............................................              184,649            126,425

Future site restoration  .....................................                  776                888

Stockholders' equity (deficit):
   Common stock, par value $.01 per share - authorized 200,000,000 shares;
     issued 36,024,308 and 36,597,045
     at December 31, 2003 and 2004 respectively............                     360                366
   Additional paid-in capital ................................              141,835            146,185
   Receivables from stock sale................................                  (97)                 -
   Accumulated deficit ......................................              (213,701)          (202,534)
   Treasury stock, at cost, 165,883 and 105,989 shares at
     December 31, 2003 and 2004 respectively..................                 (964)              (549)
   Accumulated other comprehensive income.....................                  364              3,068
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
Total stockholders' deficit...................................              (72,203)           (53,464)
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
   Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit................        $     126,437      $     152,685
                                                                   ================== ===================



                            See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

</TABLE>

                                      F-5
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                           ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION

                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

                                                                             Year Ended December 31
                                                            ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                     2002              2003               2004
                                                            ------------------- --------------------- ------------------
                                                                       (In thousands except per share data)
Revenues:
<S>                                                              <C>                <C>               <C>
   Oil and gas production revenues .........................     $      20,835      $      29,710     $      33,073
   Rig revenues ............................................               635                663               771
   Other  ..................................................                71                  7                10
                                                              ----------------- --------------------- ------------------
                                                                        21,541             30,380            33,854
Operating costs and expenses:
   Lease operating and production taxes ....................             7,639              8,342             8,567
   Depreciation, depletion, and amortization ...............             9,194              7,608             7,213
   Proved property impairment ..............................            28,178                  -                 -
   Rig operations ..........................................               567                609               671
   General and administrative ..............................             4,045              3,995             5,126
   Stock-based compensation.................................                 -              1,106             1,305
                                                              ----------------- --------------------- ----------------
                                                                        49,623             21,660            22,882
                                                              ----------------- --------------------- ----------------
Operating income (loss).....................................           (28,082)             8,720            10,972

Other (income) expense:
   Interest income .........................................               (92)               (30)              (10)
   Amortization of deferred financing fees .................             1,325              1,630             1,848
   Interest expense ........................................            24,689             16,323            17,867
   Financing costs..........................................               967              4,406             1,657
   Gain on debt redemption..................................                 -                  -           (12,561)
   Other ...................................................               201                100               387
                                                              ----------------- --------------------- ----------------
                                                                        27,090             22,429             9,188
                                                              ----------------- --------------------- ----------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations before cumulative
   effect of accounting change .............................           (55,172)           (13,709)            1,784

Cumulative effect of accounting change......................                 -                395                 -
                                                              ------------------ --------------------- ---------------
Net income (loss) from continuing operations before
   income tax............................................              (55,172)           (14,104)            1,784
                                                              ------------------ --------------------- ---------------
Deferred income tax benefit..............................                    -                  -            (6,060)
                                                              ------------------ --------------------- ---------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations.................              (55,172)           (14,104)            7,844
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations...........              (63,355)            70,024             3,323
                                                              ------------------ --------------------- ---------------
Net income (loss)                                                $    (118,527)     $      55,920     $      11,167
                                                              =================- ===================== ===============

Basic earnings (loss)per common share:
   Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations........        $      (1.84)      $       (0.39)    $        0.22
   Discontinued operations (loss)........................               (2.11)               1.98              0.09
   Cumulative effect of accounting change................                    -              (0.01)             -
                                                              ------------------ --------------------- ---------------
Net income (loss) per common share - basic ..............        $      (3.95)      $       1.58      $       0.31
                                                              =================- ===================== ===============

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share:
   Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations........        $      (1.84)      $       (0.39)    $       0.20
   Discontinued operations (loss)........................               (2.11)               1.98             0.09
   Cumulative effect of accounting change................                    -              (0.01)            -
                                                              ------------------ --------------------- ---------------
Net income (loss) per common share  - diluted............        $      (3.95)      $        1.58     $       0.29
                                                              =================- ===================== ===============

                            See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
</TABLE>

                                      F-6
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                           ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION
                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT
                                      (In thousands except number of shares)


                                                                                                Accumulated
                                    Common Stock     Treasury Stock    Additional                  Other      Receivable
                                --------------------------------------  Paid-In    Accumulated  Comprehensive    From
                                  Shares     Amount  Shares  Amount     Capital      Deficit    Income (Loss)  Stock Sale   Total
                                ----------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>         <C>     <C>        <C>   <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>         <C>
Balance at December 31, 2001    30,145,280  $  301  165,883    (964) $  136,830    $ (151,094)    (13,561)     $(97)       (28,585)
   Net loss.................            -        -        -       -          -       (118,527)          -         -       (118,527)
       Hedge income.........            -        -        -       -          -           -            566         -            566
       Foreign currency
         translation
         adjustment ........            -        -        -       -          -           -          4,292         -          4,292
                                ----------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2002     30,145,280     301 165,883    (964)   136,839       (269,621)     (8,730)      (97)       142,254)
   Net  income..............            -        -        -       -          -         55,920           -        -          55,920
       Foreign currency
         translation
         adjustment ........            -        -        -       -          -              -        9,067        -          9,067
   Stock-base  d compensation
     expense................            -        -        -       -       1,106             -            -        -          1,106
   Stock options exercised .       129,352        1       -       -          84             -            -        -             85
   Stock issued for
     acquisition of Wind
     River Resources........       106,977        1       -       -          91             -            -        -             92
   Stock issued in
     connection with
     exchange offer.........     5,642,699       57       -       -       3,724           -              -        -          3,781
                                ----------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2003    36,024,308      360  165,883    (964)   141,835     (213,701)          364       (97)      (72,203)
   Net  income..............            -                  -       -         -        11,167             -         -        11,167
       Foreign currency
         translation
         adjustment ........            -                  -       -         -              -        2,704                   2,704
   Proceeds from receivable             -                  -       -         -              -           -         97            97
   Stock issued for
     compensation...........        58,808        1 (59,894)    415        (87)            -           -          -            329
   Stock-based compensation
     expense................            -                  -       -      1,305             -           -          -         1,305
   Stock options and
     warrants exercised ....       513,929                 -       -      3,132             -           -          -         3,137
                                ----------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2004    36,597,045     $360 105,989 $  (549)  $ 146,185  $ (202,534)     $  3,068     $   -       $(53,464)
                                =========== =======================================================================================

                           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

</TABLE>

                                      F-7
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                           ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION
                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                                 Years Ended December 31
                                                       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2002                     2003                        2004
                                                       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                       (In thousands)
Operating Activities
<S>                                                          <C>                   <C>                        <C>
Net income (loss) ..................................         $    (118,527)        $      55,920              $      11,167
Income (loss) from discontinued operations..........               (63,355)               70,024                      3,323
                                                          ------------------    -----------------------    -------------------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations............               (55,172)              (14,104)                     7,844
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net
   cash provided by (used in) operating activities:
     Depreciation, depletion, and
        amortization ...............................                 9,194                 7,608                      7,213
     Non-cash interest and financing cost...........                     -                16,422                      5,967
     Accretion of future site restoration...........                     -                   379                        108
     Deferred tax benefit...........................                     -                     -                     (6,060)
     Proved property impairment ....................                28,178                     -                          -
     Amortization of deferred financing fees........                 1,325                 1,630                      1,848
     Stock-based compensation ......................                     -                 1,106                      1,305
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
        Accounts receivable ........................                18,088                (7,850)                     7,816
        Equipment inventory ........................                   201                    78                         47
        Other  .....................................                   381                   295                       (338)
        Accounts payable ...........................                    (3)                2,161                        990
        Accrued expenses ...........................                   (44)                3,754                        260
                                                          ------------------    -----------------------    -------------------------
Net cash provided by  continuing operations.........                 2,148                11,479                     27,000
Net cash provided by (used in) discontinued
        operations..................................               (10,984)               16,125                      3,265
                                                          ------------------    -----------------------    -------------------------
Net cash provided by (used in) operations...........                (8,836)               27,604                     30,265
                                                          ------------------    -----------------------    -------------------------

Investing Activities
Capital expenditures, including purchases
   and development of properties ...................                (5,070)               (9,194)                    (9,269)
Proceeds from sale of oil and gas
   properties.......................................                 9,725                     -                          -
                                                          ------------------    -----------------------    -------------------------
Net cash (used in) provided by continuing operations
                                                                     4,655                (9,194)                    (9,269)
Net cash used in discontinued operations............                (9,691)               76,655                    (12,069)
                                                          ------------------    -----------------------    -------------------------
Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities.                (5,036)               67,461                    (21,338)

Financing Activities
Proceeds from issuance of common stock............                       -                     -                      3,465
Proceeds from long-term borrowings ...............                       -                43,051                    147,955
Payments on long-term borrowings .................                  (8,176)             (131,283)                  (212,146)
Deferred financing fees ..........................                  (1,516)                 (597)                    (5,056)
Other.............................................                       -                   177                         98
                                                          ------------------    -----------------------    -------------------------
Net cash used in continuing operations............                  (9,692)              (88,652)                   (65,684)
Net cash provided by (used in) discontinued
   operations.....................................                  20,528                (6,970)                    58,041
                                                          ------------------    -----------------------    -------------------------
Net cash (used in) provided by financing
   activities.....................................                  10,836               (95,622)                    (7,643)
                                                          ------------------    -----------------------    -------------------------
Increase (decrease) in cash ......................                  (3,036)               (4,389)                     1,284
Cash at beginning of year ........................                   3,593                   557                          -
                                                          ------------------    -----------------------    -------------------------
Cash at end of year...............................           $         557         $           -              $       1,284
                                                          ==================    =======================    =========================

                                      F-8
<PAGE>

                          ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW (CONTINUED)



                                                                               Years Ended December 31.
                                                             -------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                   2002                  2003                  2004
                                                             ------------------     ----------------     -----------------
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
     Interest paid ..........................                   $      24,597          $      3,637         $       7,608
                                                             ==================     ================     =================



































                           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>

                                      F-9
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                           ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION

                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)


                                                                                        Years Ended December 31,
                                                                        ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                                               2002               2003               2004
                                                                        ------------------- ------------------ ------------------
                                                                                             (In thousands)
<S>                                                                     <C>                   <C>                <C>
   Net  income (loss)............................................       $       (118,527)     $        55,920    $        11,167
   Other Comprehensive income (loss):
   Hedging derivatives (net of tax) - See Note 4                                                            -                  -
     Reclassification adjustment for settled hedge contracts,
     net of taxes................................................                  2,556                    -                  -
     Change in fair market value of outstanding hedge positions
     net of taxes ...............................................                 (1,990)                   -
                                                                        ------------------- ------------------ ------------------
                                                                                     566                    -                  -
   Foreign currency translation adjustment
     Reclassification of foreign currency translation adjustment
       relating to the sale of foreign subsidiaries..............                  4,292                4,632                  -
     Effect of change in exchange rate...........................                      -                4,435              2,704
                                                                        ------------------- ------------------ ------------------
Other comprehensive income (loss)................................                  4,858                9,067                  -
                                                                        ------------------- ------------------ ------------------

Comprehensive income (loss)......................................       $       (113,669)     $        64,987    $        13,871
                                                                        =================== ================== ==================






                           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

</TABLE>

                                      F-10
<PAGE>


                 ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1.  Organization and Significant Accounting Policies

Nature of Operations

     Abraxas   Petroleum   Corporation   (the  "Company"  or  "Abraxas")  is  an
independent  energy company  primarily  engaged in the  exploitation  of and the
acquisition,  development, and production of crude oil and natural gas primarily
along the  Texas  Gulf  Coast,  in the  Permian  Basin of  western  Texas and in
Wyoming.  The  consolidated  financial  statements  include the  accounts of the
Company  and its  wholly  owned  subsidiaries.  All  intercompany  accounts  and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

     As part  of the  series  of  transactions  related  to the  Company's  2004
restructuring of operations,  see Note 2, the Company approved a plan in 2004 to
dispose of its  operations  and interest in Grey Wolf  Exploration  Inc.  ("Grey
Wolf") a wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary of Abraxas. In February 2005 Grey Wolf
closed an initial public offering,  resulting in our substantial  divestiture of
our capital  stock and  operations  in Grey Wolf. As a result of the disposal of
Grey Wolf, the results of operations of Grey Wolf are reflected in our Financial
Statements as discontinued operations. See note 2.


Use of Estimates

     The  preparation of  consolidated  financial  statements in conformity with
accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in the  United  States  of  America
requires  management to make estimates and assumptions  that affect the reported
amounts  of assets and  liabilities  and  disclosure  of  contingent  assets and
liabilities  at the  date  of the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the
reported  amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting  period.  Actual
results  could  differ  from those  estimates.  Management  believes  that it is
reasonably  possible that estimates of proved crude oil and natural gas revenues
could significantly change in the future.

Concentration of Credit Risk

     Financial instruments,  which potentially expose the Company to credit risk
consist  principally  of trade  receivables  and crude oil and natural gas price
hedges.  Accounts  receivable are generally from companies with  significant oil
and gas marketing  activities.  The Company performs ongoing credit  evaluations
and, generally, requires no collateral from its customers.

     The Company  maintains its cash and cash equivalents in excess of Federally
insured limits in prominent financial institutioins considered by the Company to
be of high credit quality.

Cash and Equivalents

     Cash and  cash  equivalents  includes  cash on hand,  demand  deposits  and
short-term investments with original maturities of three months or less.

Accounts Receivable

     Accounts  receivable are reported net of an allowance for doubtful accounts
of  approximately  $11,000 at December  31,  2003 and 2004.  The  allowance  for
doubtful  accounts is determined based on the Company's  historical  losses,  as
well as a review of certain  accounts.  Accounts are charged off when collection
efforts have failed and the account is deemed uncollectible.

                                      F-11
<PAGE>

Equipment Inventory

     Equipment inventory principally consists of casing, tubing, and compression
equipment and is carried at cost.

Oil and Gas Properties

     The Company  follows the full cost method of  accounting  for crude oil and
natural gas properties. Under this method, all direct costs and certain indirect
costs  associated  with  acquisition  of  properties  and  successful as well as
unsuccessful   exploration   and   development   activities   are   capitalized.
Depreciation,  depletion,  and amortization of capitalized crude oil and natural
gas  properties  and estimated  future  development  costs,  excluding  unproved
properties, are based on the unit-of-production method based on proved reserves.
Net capitalized  costs of crude oil and natural gas properties,  as adjusted for
asset  retirement  obligations,  less related deferred taxes, are limited to the
lower of unamortized cost or the cost ceiling, defined as the sum of the present
value of estimated future net revenues from proved reserves based on unescalated
prices  discounted  at 10  percent,  plus  the  cost  of  properties  not  being
amortized,  if any,  plus the lower of cost or estimated  fair value of unproved
properties  included in the costs being  amortized,  if any, less related income
taxes.  Excess costs are charged to proved property  impairment expense. No gain
or loss is  recognized  upon sale or  disposition  of crude oil and  natural gas
properties, except in unusual circumstances.

     Unproved properties represent costs associated with properties on which the
Company  is  performing  exploration  activities  or intends  to  commence  such
activities.  These costs are reviewed  periodically for possible  impairments or
reduction in value based on geological and  geophysical  data. If a reduction in
value has occurred,  costs being amortized are increased.  The Company  believes
that  the  unproved  properties  will  be  substantially  evaluated  in  six  to
thirty-six months and it will begin to amortize these costs at such time.

Other Property and Equipment

     Other   property  and   equipment  are  recorded  on  the  basis  of  cost.
Depreciation  of other  property and  equipment is provided  over the  estimated
useful lives using the straight-line  method. Major renewals and betterments are
recorded as additions to the property and  equipment  accounts.  Repairs that do
not improve or extend the useful lives of assets are expensed.

Hedging

     The Company periodically enters into agreements to hedge the risk of future
crude oil and natural gas price  fluctuations.  Such agreements are primarily in
the form of price  floors,  which  limit  the  impact of price  reductions  with
respect to the Company's sale of crude oil and natural gas. The Company does not
enter into speculative  hedges.  Gains and losses on such hedging activities are
recognized in oil and gas  production  revenues when hedged  production is sold.
The net cash flows related to any  recognized  gains or losses  associated  with
these  hedges  are  reported  as cash  flows  from  operations.  If the hedge is
terminated prior to expected maturity, gains or losses are deferred and included
in income in the same period as the physical production required by the contract
is delivered.

     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards,  ("SFAS") No. 133, "Accounting
for  Derivative  Instruments  and Hedging  Activities,"  was  effective  for the
Company on January 1, 2001.  SFAS 133, as amended and  interpreted,  establishes
accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments, including certain
derivative instruments embedded in other contracts,  and for hedging activities.
In 2003, the Company elected out of hedge  accounting as prescribed by SFAS 133.
Accordingly all derivatives  will be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value
with changes in fair value being recognized in earnings.

Stock-Based Compensation

     The Company accounts for stock-based compensation using the intrinsic value
method  prescribed  in  Accounting  Principles  Board  Opinion  ("APB")  No. 25,
"Accounting   for  Stock  Issued  to  Employees,"   (APB  No.  25)  and  related
interpretations. Accordingly, compensation cost for stock options is measured as
the excess,  if any, of the quoted  market price of the  Company's  stock at the
date of the grant over the amount an employee must pay to acquire the stock.


                                      F-12
<PAGE>

     Effective July 1, 2000, the Financial  Accounting  Standards Board ("FASB")
issued  FIN  44,   "Accounting   for  Certain   Transactions   Involving   Stock
Compensation,"  an  interpretation  of APB No.  25.  Under  the  interpretation,
certain modifications to fixed stock option awards which were made subsequent to
December 15, 1998,  and were not exercised  prior to July 1, 2000,  require that
the awards be accounted for as variable until they are exercised,  forfeited, or
expired.  In March 1999, the Company  amended the exercise price to $2.06 on all
options with an existing  exercise price greater than $2.06. In January 2003, in
connection with the restructuring (see note 2), the Company amended the exercise
price to $0.66 on certain  options with an existing  exercise price greater than
$0.66. The Company recognized stock-based  compensation expense of approximately
$1.1 and $1.3  million  during  2003 and 2004  respectively.  There was no stock
based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2002.

     Pro forma  information  regarding net income (loss) and earnings (loss) per
share is required by SFAS 123,  "Accounting for Stock-Based  Compensation  (SFAS
123)",  which also requires that the information be determined as if the Company
has accounted for its employee stock options granted  subsequent to December 31,
1995 under the fair value method  prescribed by SFAS No. 123. The fair value for
these  options was estimated at the date of grant using a  Black-Scholes  option
pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions for 2002, 2003 and
2004,  risk-free  interest  rates of 1.5% each  year;  dividend  yields of -0-%;
volatility factors of the expected market price of the Company's common stock of
.35, and a weighted-average expected life of the option of ten years.

     The  Black-Scholes   option  valuation  model  was  developed  for  use  in
estimating the fair value of traded  options which have no vesting  restrictions
and are fully  transferable.  In addition,  option  valuation models require the
input of highly  subjective  assumptions  including  the  expected  stock  price
volatility.  Because the Company's  employee stock options have  characteristics
significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the
subjective input assumptions can materially  affect the fair value estimate,  in
management's  opinion, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable
single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.

     For  purposes of pro forma  disclosures,  the  estimated  fair value of the
options is amortized to expense over the options' vesting period.  The Company's
pro forma information follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                          Year Ended December 31
                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2002                   2003                 2004
                                                     ------------------        -----------------      ----------------
Net   income   (loss)   as   reported    (including
<S>                                                  <C>                    <C>                   <C>
discontinued operations                              $       (118,527)      $         55,920      $         11,167
Add:  Stock-based  employee   compensation  expense
   included in reported net income,  net of related
   tax effects                                                       -                  1,106                 1,305
Deduct:  Total  stock-based  employee  compensation
   expense   determined   under  fair  value  based
   method  for  all  awards,  net  of  related  tax
   effects                                                        (670)                  (228)                 (112)
                                                         ------------------     -----------------     ----------------
Pro forma net income (loss)                          $        (119,197)     $          56,798     $          12,360
                                                         ==================     =================     ================

Earnings (loss) per share:
   Basic - as reported                               $          (3.95)      $           1.58      $           0.31
                                                         ==================     =================     ================
   Basic - pro forma                                 $          (3.98)      $           1.61      $           0.34
                                                         ==================     =================     ================

Diluted - as reported                                $          (3.95)      $           1.58      $           0.29
                                                         ==================     =================     ================
Diluted - pro forma                                  $          (3.98)      $           1.61      $           0.32
                                                         ==================     =================     ================
</TABLE>

Foreign Currency Translation

     The functional  currency for Grey Wolf is the Canadian  dollar ($CDN).  The
Company translates the functional  currency into U.S. dollars ($US) based on the
current  exchange  rate at the end of the  period  for the  balance  sheet and a
weighted average rate for the period on the statement of operations. Translation
adjustments are reflected as accumulated  other  comprehensive  income (loss) in
the  consolidated  financial  statement  of  stockholders'  deficit.  The amount
reflected  in the  accompanying  financial  statements  relates to  discontinued
operations.

                                      F-13
<PAGE>

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

     The Company  includes fair value  information in the notes to  consolidated
financial  statements  when  the  fair  value of its  financial  instruments  is
materially  different from the book value. The Company assumes the book value of
those financial  instruments  that are classified as current  approximates  fair
value  because  of the  short  maturity  of these  instruments.  For  noncurrent
financial  instruments,  the Company uses quoted market prices or, to the extent
that there are no available  quoted  market  prices,  market  prices for similar
instruments.

Restoration, Removal and Environmental Liabilities

     The Company is subject to extensive Federal,  state and local environmental
laws and  regulations.  These laws regulate the discharge of materials  into the
environment and may require the Company to remove or mitigate the  environmental
effects of the disposal or release of  petroleum  substances  at various  sites.
Environmental expenditures are expensed or capitalized depending on their future
economic benefit.  Expenditures  that relate to an existing  condition caused by
past operations and that have no future economic benefit are expensed.

     Liabilities  for  expenditures  of a noncapital  nature are  recorded  when
environmental  assessments and/or remediation is probable,  and the costs can be
reasonably  estimated.  Such liabilities are generally  undiscounted  unless the
timing of cash  payments for the  liability  or component  are fixed or reliably
determinable.

     In June  2001,  the  FASB  issued  SFAS  No.  143,  "Accounting  for  Asset
Retirement  Obligations" (SFAS 143). SFAS 143 addresses accounting and reporting
for obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets and
the associated asset retirement  costs.  SFAS 143 is effective for us January 1,
2003.  SFAS 143  requires  that the fair  value of a  liability  for an  asset's
retirement  obligation be recorded in the period in which it is incurred and the
corresponding  cost capitalized by increasing the carrying amount of the related
long-lived  asset.  The  liability  is accreted to its then  present  value each
period,  and the  capitalized  cost is  depreciated  over the useful life of the
related asset.  For all periods  presented,  we have included  estimated  future
costs of abandonment and  dismantlement in our full cost  amortization  base and
amortize these costs as a component of our depletion expense in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements.

     The following table  summarizes the Company's asset  retirement  obligation
transactions related to continuing operations during the following years:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              2003                  2004
                                                        -----------------    --------------------
<S>                                                         <C>                  <C>
Beginning asset retirement obligation.............          $        -           $        776
Additions related to new properties...............                 973                    132
Deletions related to property disposals...........                (576)                  (128)
Accretion expense.................................                 379                    108
                                                        -----------------    --------------------
Ending asset retirement obligation................          $      776           $        888
                                                        =================    ====================
</TABLE>

Revenue Recognition and Major Customers

     The Company  recognizes crude oil and natural gas revenue from its interest
in producing wells as crude oil and natural gas is sold from those wells, net of
royalties.  Revenue  from the  processing  of natural gas is  recognized  in the
period the  service is  performed.  The  Company  utilizes  the sales  method to
account for gas  production  volume  imbalances.  Under this  method,  income is
recorded  based on the  Company's net revenue  interest in production  taken for
delivery. The Company had no material gas imbalances at December 31, 2004.

     During  2002,   2003  and  2004  sales  to  two  customers   accounted  for
approximately 77%, 80% and 64% of crude oil and natural gas revenues.

Deferred Financing Fees

     Deferred financing fees are being amortized on a level yield basis over the
term of the related debt arrangements.

                                      F-14
<PAGE>

Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale

     The Company holds assets and liabilities related to discontinued operations
as held for sale, in accordance  with  Statement of Financial  Standards No. 144
"Accounting  for  Impairment of Disposal of Long-Lived  Assets" (SFAS 144).  The
Company  records its assets at the lower of its  carrying  amount or fair market
value less cost to sell and does not  depreciate  or amortize  the assets  while
classified as held for sale.

Income Taxes

     The Company records deferred income taxes using the liability method. Under
this  method,  deferred  tax  assets and  liabilities  are  determined  based on
differences  between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities
and are  measured  using the  enacted  tax rates and laws that will be in effect
when  the  differences  are  expected  to  reverse.   Valuation  allowances  are
established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected
to be realized.

New Accounting Pronouncements

     In September  2004, the Securities  and Exchange  Commission  issued "Staff
Accounting  Bulletin  No. 106" (SAB No.  106).  SAB No. 106 applies to companies
using  the  full  cost  method  of  accounting  for oil and gas  properties  and
equipment costs. SAB No. 106 affects the way in which companies  calculate their
full cost ceiling limitation  (including asset retirement cost related to proved
developed  properties in the  calculation  of the ceiling) and the way companies
calculate  depletion on oil and gas properties  (only asset  retirement cost for
new recompletions and new wells will be included in future  development costs in
calculating  depletion rates).  The Company does not anticipate that adoption of
SAB No 106 will have a significant  impact on its financial  position or results
of operations.

     In November 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 151, entitled " Inventory Costs-
an amendment of ARB 43, chapter. The purpose of this statement is to clarify the
accounting for abnormal amounts of idle facilities  expense,  freight,  handling
cost and wasted  material.  This  statement is  effective  for  inventory  costs
incurred  during  fiscal years  beginning  after June 15,  2005.  The Company is
evaluating the effect of this  statement on it's  operations and does not expect
it to impact it's financial statements.

     In December  2004 the FASB issued  "Summary of  Statement  No. 123 (revised
2004),   Share-Based  Payment.  This  statement  addresses  the  accounting  for
share-based  payment  transactions  in which  an  enterprise  receives  employee
services  in exchange  for:  (1) equity  instruments  of the  enterprise  or (2)
liabilities  that  are  based  on the  fair  value  of the  enterprise's  equity
instruments  or that may be settled by the issuance of such equity  instruments.
The proposed  statement  would  eliminate the ability to account for share-based
compensation transactions using APB Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued
to Employees"  and generally  would require  instead that such  transactions  be
accounted for using a fair value-based method. As proposed, this statement is be
effective as of the  beginning of the first interim or annual  reporting  period
that begins after June 15, 2005. The Company is currently evaluating what effect
this  statement  will have on the  Company's  financial  position  or results of
operations.

     In December  2004 the FASB issued  FASB No.  153,  entitled " Exchanges  of
Nonmonetary  Assets - an  amendment  of ABP Opinion No. 29". The guidance in ABP
Opinion No. 29 is based on the principle that  exchanges of  nonmonetary  assets
should be measured based on the fair value of the assets exchanged. The guidance
in that Opinion,  however,  included certain exceptions to that principle.  This
statement  amends  Opinion 29 to eliminate  the  exception  for  nonmonetary  of
similar productive assets and replaces it with a general exception for exchanges
of  nonmonetary  assets that do not have  commercial  substance.  A  nonmonetary
exchange  has  commercial  substance  if the future cash flows of the entity are
expected to change  significantly as a result of the exchange.  The statement is
effective for nonmonetary  exchanges occurring in fiscal periods beginning after
June 15, 2005.  The Company does not  anticipate  this  statement  impacting its
financial statements.

2.  Discontinued Operations and Subsequent Events

     As part of the  restructuring  operations in 2004 - see Note 3, the Company
approved a plan to dispose  of its  operations  and  interest  in Grey Wolf.  On
February 28, 2005, Abraxas  substantially  divested its investment in Grey Wolf.
Pursuant to an Underwriting  Agreement,  the underwriters  purchased  17,800,000
common shares of Grey Wolf capital stock from Grey Wolf (the "Treasury Shares"),
and 9,100,000  shares of Grey Wolf common stock owned by Abraxas (the "Secondary
Shares") from Abraxas at a purchase price of CDN $2.80 per share.

                                      F-15
<PAGE>

     Abraxas  also  granted  to the  underwriters  an  over-allotment  option to
purchase  from  Abraxas,  at the  underwriters'  election,  up to an  additional
3,902,360  shares  of Grey  Wolf  common  stock  held by  Abraxas  (the  "Option
Shares").  The over-allotment option may be exercised in whole or in part at any
one time prior to thirty  calendar days after the closing date for the IPO. Grey
Wolf  utilized the proceeds  from the sale of the Treasury  Shares to re-pay and
terminate its $35 million term loan and re-pay $1 million in inter-company  debt
to Abraxas.  Abraxas  utilized  the $1 million  received  from Grey Wolf and the
proceeds  received from the sale of the Secondary  Shares to re-pay  outstanding
debt under its $25 million  bridge loan.  After  consummation  of the  offering,
Abraxas'  remaining debt under the bridge loan was $5.4 million - see Note 3. As
part of the approved 2004 disposal plan, the Company's will divest the remaining
3,902,360 shares of Grey Wolf common stock, utilizing the proceeds to retire the
balance of the bridge loan.

     On March 24, 2005, the Company was advised of the  underwriter's  intent to
exercise 3.5 million of the over allotment shares.  Closing for this exercise is
scheduled for March 31 and will provide  approximately $7.5 million that Abraxas
will utilize to payoff the remaining  balance of its Bridge Loan.  The remaining
proceeds  of  approximately  $2 million  will be used to pay down the  Company's
revolving credit facility to, effectively, zero.

     The operations of Grey Wolf, previously reported as a business segment, are
reported  as   discontinued   operations  for  all  periods   presented  in  the
accompanying  financial  statements  and the  operating  results  are  reflected
separately from the results of continuing  operations.  Interest attributable to
discontinued operations represents interest on debt attributable to the Canadian
subsidiary,  no general  allocation of Abraxas  interest was  attributed to Grey
Wolf in prior periods.  Summarized discontinued operations operating results and
net gain (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2003 and 2004 were:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                           Years ended December 31,
                                                          ------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  2002                 2003                 2004
                                                          ----------------    -----------------     ------------------
                                                                                  (in thousands)
<S>                                                       <C>                 <C>                  <C>
Total revenue........................................     $        32,779     $         8,639      $         15,082
Income (loss) from operations before income tax......             (93,052)             70,401                 3,323
Income tax expense (benefit).........................             (29,697)                377                     -
                                                          ----------------    -----------------     ------------------
Income (loss) from discontinued operations...........     $       (63,355)    $        70,024(1)   $          3,323
                                                          ================    =================     ==================
</TABLE>

(1)      In 2003,  as part of a series of  transactions  related to a  financial
         restructuring  including an exchange offer, redemption of certain notes
         payable  and a credit  agreement,  the  Company  sold its wholly  owned
         Canadian subsidiaries. The 2003 statement of operations includes a gain
         on the  sale of the  Canadian  subsidiaries  in  January  2003 of $68.9
         million.


Assets and liabilities of discontinued operations were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                              December 31,
                                                                                    ----------------------------------
                                                                                        2003                2004
                                                                                    --------------      --------------
                                                                                             (in thousands)
Assets:
<S>                                                                             <C>                <C>
Cash......................................................................      $            493   $             693
Accounts receivable.......................................................                   903               2,556
Net property..............................................................                35,542              45,426
Deferred financing fees...................................................                     -               3,577
Other.....................................................................                   154                 348
                                                                                    --------------      --------------
                                                                                $         37,092   $          52,600
                                                                                    ==============      ==============
Liabilities:
Accounts payable and accrued expenses.....................................      $          1,971   $           5,262
Long-term debt (1)........................................................                     -              60,000
Other.....................................................................                   601               1,685
                                                                                    --------------      --------------
                                                                                $          2,572   $          66,947
                                                                                    ==============      ==============
</TABLE>

(1)      Includes  Abraxas Bridge Loan of $25 million and $35 million related to
         Grey Wolf term loan.

                                      F-16
<PAGE>

3. Restructuring  Transactions

     On  October  28,  2004,  in order  to  provide  the  Company  with  greater
flexibility in conducting its business,  including  increasing  capital spending
and exploiting its additional drilling opportunities,  Abraxas refinanced all of
its then existing  indebtedness  by redeeming its 11 1/2% secured notes due 2007
and terminating its previous credit facility with the net proceeds from:

         o     the private issuance of $125.0 million aggregate principal amount
               of the Floating Rate Senior Secured Notes due 2009, Series A;

         o     the proceeds of its new $25.0 million second lien increasing rate
               bridge loan; and

         o     the  payment to Abraxas  by Grey Wolf of $35.0  million  from the
               proceeds of Grey Wolf's new $35.0 million term loan.

     As a part of the  refinancing,  the Company  also  entered into a new $15.0
million   revolving  credit  facility,   which  currently  has  availability  of
approximately $13.0 million.

     In  connection  with the  redemption  of the previous  secured  notes,  the
Company recognized a $12.6 million gain on extinguishment in 2004.

     Also in connection with the  restructuring  of operations in late 2004, the
Company  approved a plan to dispose of its operations and interest in Grey Wolf.
In connection with the Grey Wolf IPO completed in February 2005, net proceeds of
approximately $37 million from the offering by Grey Wolf of treasury shares were
used to repay Grey Wolf's term loan in its  entirety and  eliminate  its working
capital deficit.  Net proceeds of  approximately  $20 million from the secondary
shares offered by Abraxas were used to reduce the amount  outstanding  under its
bridge loan to approximately $5.4 million.

     On March 24, 2005, the Company was advised of the  underwriter's  intent to
exercise 3.5 million of the over allotment shares. See Note 2.

     Floating Rate Senior Secured Notes due 2009. In connection with the October
2004 financial restructuring, Abraxas issued $125 million in principal aggregate
amount of Floating Rate Senior Secured Notes due 2009. The new notes will mature
on  December  1, 2009 and began  accruing  interest  from the date of  issuance,
October 28, 2004 at a per annum floating rate of six-month LIBOR plus 7.50%. The
initial  interest rate on the new notes is 9.72% per annum. The interest will be
reset  semi-annually  on each June 1 and December 1, commencing on June 1, 2005.
Interest is payable  semi-annually  in arrears on June 1 and  December 1 of each
year, commencing on June 1, 2005.

     Abraxas' New $15 Million  Senior  Secured  Revolving  Credit  Facility.  On
October 28, 2004,  Abraxas entered into an agreement for a new revolving  credit
facility  having a maximum  commitment  of $15  million,  which  includes a $2.5
million subfacility for letters of credit.  Availability under the new revolving
credit  facility  is subject to a  borrowing  base  consistent  with  normal and
customary natural gas and crude oil lending transactions.

     Outstanding  amounts under the new revolving  credit facility bear interest
at the prime rate  announced  by Wells Fargo  Bank,  National  Association  plus
1.00%.

     Subject to earlier  termination  rights and events of  default,  the stated
maturity date under the new revolving credit facility is October 28, 2008.

     Abraxas'  New $25 Million  Second Lien  Increasing  Rate  Bridge  Loan.  On
October 28, 2004, Abraxas borrowed $25 million under its new bridge loan.

     The  balance of the Bridge Loan ($25  million)  and the Grey Wolf Term loan
($35  million) as of December  31, 2004 are included in  liabilities  related to
assets held for sale.

4. Long-Term Debt

    As described in Note 3, the 11 1/2% Secured Notes and the Senior Credit
Agreement were refinanced in October 2004.

The following is a brief description of the Company's debt as of December 31,
2003 and 2004, respectively:

                                      F-17
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                December 31
                                                                      --------------------------------
                                                                               2003         2004
                                                                      --------------------------------
                                                                              (in thousands)
<S>                                                                      <C>             <C>
  11.5% Secured Notes due 2007 ......................................    $    137,258    $        -
  Senior Credit Agreement ...........................................          47,391             -
  Floating rate senior secured notes due 2009........................             -           125,000
  Senior secured revolving credit facility...........................             -             1,425
                                                                      --------------------------------
                                                                              184,649         126,425
  Less current maturities ...........................................            -                -
                                                                      --------------------------------
                                                                         $    184,649    $    126,425
                                                                      ================================
</TABLE>


     Floating Rate Senior Secured Notes due 2009. In connection with the October
2004 financial restructuring, Abraxas issued $125 million in principal aggregate
amount of Floating  Rate Senior  Secured  Notes due 2009.  The notes were issued
under an indenture with U.S. Bank National Association.

     Abraxas' New $15 Million  Senior  Secured  Revolving  Credit  Facility.  On
October 28, 2004,  Abraxas entered into an agreement for a new revolving  credit
facility  having a maximum  commitment  of $15  million,  which  includes a $2.5
million subfacility for letters of credit.  Availability under the new revolving
credit  facility  is subject to a  borrowing  base  consistent  with  normal and
customary natural gas and crude oil lending transactions.

     Outstanding  amounts under the new revolving  credit facility bear interest
at the prime rate  announced  by Wells Fargo  Bank,  National  Association  plus
1.00%.

     Subject to earlier  termination  rights and events of  default,  the stated
maturity date under the new revolving credit facility is October 28, 2008.

     Abraxas'  New $25 Million  Second Lien  Increasing  Rate  Bridge  Loan.  On
October 28, 2004,  Abraxas borrowed $25 million under its new $25 million bridge
loan.

     Interest on the bridge loan currently  accrues at a rate of 12.0% per annum
until October 28, 2005, and is payable  monthly in cash.  Interest on the bridge
loan will  thereafter  accrue at a rate of 15.0% per annum,  and will be payable
in-kind. Subject to earlier termination rights and events of default, the stated
maturity date under the bridge loan is October 28, 2010.

     The bridge loan balance of $25 million is included in  liabilities  related
to assets held for sale. See note 2.

     The new revolving credit facility,  bridge loan and indenture governing the
notes contain certain restrictions and covenants that, among other things, limit
the Company's ability to incur additional indebtedness, transfer or sell assets,
guarantee  debt,  and other  items.  Additionally,  the Company must comply with
certain financial  covenants and satisfy financial  condition tests. The Company
was in compliance with the covenants at December 31, 2004.

     The following table represents the maturities of our long-term debt:

                             Year ending December 31,           Amount
                        2005                                          -
                        2006                                          -
                        2007                                          -
                        2008                                     $1,425
                        2009                                 $  125,000
                                                             -------------
                                                             $  126,425
                                                             =============


5. Property and Equipment

         The major components of property and equipment, at cost, are as
follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                    Estimated                 December 31
                                                                                   ----------------------------------
                                                                   Useful Life          2003              2004
                                                                 ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
                                                                      Years                 (In thousands)
<S>                                                                               <C>              <C>
               Crude oil and natural gas properties ...........          -        $       288,559  $       297,647


                                      F-18
<PAGE>

               Equipment and other ............................          7                  2,749            2,930
                                                                                   ---------------- -----------------
                                                                                  $   $   291,308  $   $   300,577
                                                                                   ================ =================
</TABLE>

6.  Stockholders' Equity

Common Stock

     In 1994,  the Board of Directors  adopted a  Stockholders'  Rights Plan and
declared a dividend of one Common Stock Purchase Right ("Rights") for each share
of common stock. The Rights are not initially exercisable.  Subject to the Board
of Directors'  option to extend the period,  the Rights will become  exercisable
and will  detach  from the  common  stock ten days after any person has become a
beneficial owner of 20% or more of the common stock of the Company or has made a
tender offer or Exchange Offer (other than certain qualifying offers) for 20% or
more of the common stock of the Company.

     Once the Rights become exercisable,  each Right entitles the holder,  other
than the  acquiring  person,  to  purchase  for $40 a number  of  shares  of the
Company's  common stock  having a market value of two times the purchase  price.
The  Company  may redeem  the  Rights at any time for $.01 per Right  prior to a
specified period of time after a tender or Exchange Offer. The Rights expired in
November 2004.

Treasury Stock

     In March 1996,  the Board of Directors  authorized the purchase in the open
market of up to 500,000 shares of the Company's  outstanding  common stock,  the
aggregate  purchase  price  not to  exceed  $3,500,000.  During  the year  ended
December  31,  2000,  38,800  shares  with an  aggregate  cost of  $78,000  were
purchased.  The Company  has not  purchased  any shares of its common  stock for
treasury stock in subsequent years.

7.  Stock Option Plans and Warrants

Stock Options

     The Company grants options to its officers,  directors, and other employees
under various stock option and incentive plans.


     The Company's  1994  Long-Term  Incentive  Plan has authorized the grant of
options to  management,  employees  and directors  for up to  approximately  6.1
million shares of the Company's  common stock. All options granted have ten year
terms  and  vest and  become  fully  exercisable  over  three  to four  years of
continued  service at 25% to 33% on each anniversary  date. At December 31, 2004
approximately 2.6 million options remain available for grant.

     A summary of the Company's stock option activity,  and related  information
for the three years ended December 31, follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      2002                           2003                           2004
                           -----------------------------  -----------------------------  -----------------------------
                            Options     Weighted-Average   Options     Weighted-Average    Options  Weighted-Average
                            (000s)       Exercise Price     (000s)       Exercise Price     (000s)   Exercise Price
                           ---------- ------------------  ---------- ------------------  ---------  ------------------

Outstanding-beginning of
<S>                           <C>         <C>                <C>       <C>                  <C>       <C>
   year ...................   4,942       $    3.28          3,305     $      1.85          3,364     $      0.90
Granted ...................     521            0.68            360            0.68             -               -
Exercised .................       -              -            (129)           0.66           (414)           0.69
Forfeited/Expired .........  (2,158)           4.84           (172)           1.61            (57)           0.77
                           ----------                     ----------                     ---------

Outstanding-end of year ...   3,305       $    1.85          3,364     $      0.90          2,893     $      0.93
                           ==========                     ==========                     =========

Exercisable at end of year    2,136       $    1.91          2,331     $      0.95          2,327     $      0.97
                           ==========                     ==========                     =========

Weighted-average fair
   value of options
   granted during the year                $    0.63                    $      0.38                    $      0.00
</TABLE>

                                      F-19
<PAGE>

         The following table represents the range of option prices and the
weighted average remaining life of outstanding options as of December 31, 2004:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                             Options outstanding                                 Exercisable
                                -----------------------------------------------     --------------------------------------
                                                      Weighted      Weighted
                                                      average        average
                                     Number          remaining      exercise            Number         Weighted average
             Exercise price        outstanding          life          price           exercisable       exercise price
          --------------------- ------------------ --------------- ------------     ---------------- ---------------------
<S>         <C>                       <C>               <C>        <C>                  <C>          <C>
            $      0.50 - 0.97        2,294,719         5.1        $     0.69           1,818,472    $         0.70
            $      1.01 - 1.63          257,500         6.8              1.22             176,875              1.31
            $      2.06 - 2.21          311,358         2.3              2.07             309,269              2.07
            $      4.83                  30,001         6.2              4.83              22,501              4.83
</TABLE>

     In  January  2003,  in   connection   with  the  financial   restructuring,
approximately  1.9 million  options with a strike price  greater that $0.66 were
re-priced to $0.66.

Stock Awards

     In addition to stock options  granted under the plan described  above,  the
1994   Long-Term   Incentive  Plan  also  provides  for  the  right  to  receive
compensation in cash,  awards of common stock, or a combination  thereof.  There
were no awards in 2002, 2003 or 2004.

     The Company also has adopted the Restricted  Share Plan for Directors which
provides for awards of common stock to non-employee directors of the Company who
did  not,  within  the  year  immediately  preceding  the  determination  of the
director's  eligibility,  receive any award under any other plan of the Company.
There were no direct awards of common stock in 2002, 2003 or 2004.

Stock Warrants

     In  2000,  the  Company  issued  950,000  warrants  in  conjunction  with a
consulting  agreement.  Each is exercisable  for one share of common stock at an
exercise price of $3.50 per share. These warrants had a four-year term beginning
July 1, 2000. and expired on June 30, 2004.

     In October 2004,  the Company  issued 1.1 million  warrants in  conjunction
with the  refinancing.  Each is exercisable  for one share of common stock at an
exercise price of $0.01 per share. These warrants have a ten year term.

     At December  31, 2004,  the Company has  approximately  4.0 million  shares
reserved for future issuance for conversion of its stock options,  warrants, and
incentive plans for the Company's directors, employees and consultants.

8.  Income Taxes

     Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary  differences
between the carrying  amounts of assets and liabilities for financial  reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of
the Company's deferred tax liabilities and assets are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                       December 31
                                                                                ---------------------------
                                                                                    2003          2004
                                                                                ------------- -------------
                                                                                      (In thousands)
<S>     <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>
     Deferred tax liabilities:
       U.S. full cost pool .....................................................  $  4,835      $  7,310
                                                                                ------------- -------------
     Total deferred tax liabilities ............................................     4,835         7,310
     Deferred tax assets:
       Capital loss carryforward................................................    12,895        11,913


                                      F-20
<PAGE>

       Original issue discount on certain debt obligations......................    22,453             -
       Depletion ...............................................................     4,856         3,232
       Net operating losses  ("NOL")............................................    35,218        64,408
       Investment in foreign subsidiaries.......................................         -         2,426
       Other ...................................................................     2,575         4,432
                                                                                ------------- -------------
     Total deferred tax assets .................................................    77,997        86,366
     Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ...............................   (73,162)      (72,996)
                                                                                ------------- -------------
     Net deferred tax assets ...................................................     4,835        13,370
                                                                                ------------- -------------
     Net deferred tax liabilities (assets) .....................................  $      -      $ (6,060)
                                                                                ============= =============
</TABLE>

         Significant components of the provision (benefit) for income taxes are
as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                            2002          2003         2004
                                                                        -----------------------------------------
                                                                                     (in thousands)
     Current:
<S>                                                                       <C>           <C>          <C>
       Federal..........................................................  $      -      $      -     $      -
       Foreign .........................................................         -             -            -
                                                                        -----------------------------------------
                                                                          $      -      $      -     $      -
                                                                        =========================================
     Deferred:
       Federal .........................................................  $      -      $      -     $  6,060
       Foreign .........................................................    29,697           377            -
                                                                        -----------------------------------------

                                                                            29,697           377        6,060
       Attributable to discontinued operations..........................   (29,697)         (377)           -
                                                                        -----------------------------------------
       Attributable to continuing operations............................  $      -      $      -     $  6,060
                                                                        =========================================
</TABLE>

     At December 31, 2004 the Company had,  subject to the limitation  discussed
below,  $184 million of net operating loss  carryforwards for U.S. tax purposes.
These loss carryforwards will expire from 2004 through 2022 if not utilized.

     In addition to the Section 382 limitations,  uncertainties  exist as to the
future  utilization of the operating loss  carryforwards  under the criteria set
forth under FASB  Statement No. 109.  Therefore,  the Company has  established a
valuation  allowance of $73.2  million and $73.0 million for deferred tax assets
at December 31, 2003 and 2004, respectively.

     The reconciliation of income tax computed at the U.S. federal statutory tax
rates to income tax expense is:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                           December 31
                                               ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        2002                  2003                   2004
                                               -------------------------------------------- ------------------------
                                                                          (in thousands)
     Tax (expense) benefit at U.S. statutory
<S>        <C>                                     <C>                    <C>                   <C>
     rates (35%) ............................      $      51,878          $     (19,842)        $      (1,875)
     (Increase) decrease in deferred tax asset
     valuation allowance ....................            (59,456)                22,993                 8,123
     Write-down of non-tax basis assets......             (7,009)                     -                     -
     Higher effective rate of foreign                      7,349                 (2,835)                 (140)
     operations............................
     Percentage depletion ...................                683                      -                     -
      Investment in foreign subsidiaries ....             35,604                      -                     -
     Other ..................................                648                   (693)                  (48)
                                               --------------------- ----------------------- ------------------------
                                                   $      29,697          $        (377)        $       6,060
     Attributable to discontinued operations             (29,697)                   377                     -
                                               --------------------- ----------------------- ------------------------
     Attributable to continuing operations..       $           -          $           -         $       6,060
                                               ===================== ======================= ========================
</TABLE>

9. Related Party Transactions

     Accounts  receivable - Other  includes  approximately  $35,558 and $0 as of
December 31, 2003 and 2004, respectively, representing amounts due from officers
relating to advances made to employees.

                                      F-210
<PAGE>


10.  Commitments and Contingencies

Operating Leases

     During  the  years  ended  December  31,  2002,  2003 and 2004 the  Company
incurred rent expense  related to leasing  office  facilities  of  approximately
$236,000, $246,650 and $256,355 respectively. Future minimum rental payments are
as follows at December 31, 2004.

     2005.............................................   $    254,004
     2006.............................................         83,908
     Thereafter.......................................              -
                                                      ------------------
                                                         $    337,912
                                                      ==================

Litigation and Contingencies

     In  2001,  the  Company  and a  limited  partnership,  of  which  Wamsutter
Holdings,  Inc.  is the general  partner  (the  "Partnership"),  were named in a
lawsuit  filed in U.S.  District  Court in the  District of  Wyoming.  The claim
asserted  breach of  contract,  fraud  and  negligent  misrepresentation  by the
Company  and the  Partnership  related  to the  responsibility  for year 2000 ad
valorem  taxes on crude oil and natural gas  properties  sold by the Company and
the  Partnership.  In  February  2002,  a summary  judgment  was  granted to the
plaintiff in this matter and a final  judgment in the amount of $1.3 million was
entered.  The Company and the Partnership appealed the District Court's judgment
and on November 3, 2004, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit affirmed
the District Court's  decision.  On December 14, 2004, the U.S. Court of Appeals
for the 10th  Circuit  entered a mandate for the  District  Court to enforce the
judgment.  As of December 27, 2004, the final judgment amount was  approximately
$1.55 million (which includes  accrued and unpaid interest since February 2002).
The Company has decided not to pursue further appeals and subsequent to December
31, 2004, paid its portion of the final judgment,  approximately $1 million, for
which the Company had previously established a reserve.

     Additionally,  from time to time,  the Company is  involved  in  litigation
relating  to  claims  arising  out of its  operations  in the  normal  course of
business.  At  December  31,  2004 the  Company  was not  engaged  in any  legal
proceedings  that are  expected,  individually  or in the  aggregate,  to have a
material adverse effect on the Company.

11. Earnings per Share

     Basic earnings  (loss) per share excludes any dilutive  effects of options,
warrants and  convertible  securities and is computed by dividing  income (loss)
available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding  for the  period.  Diluted  earnings  (loss) per share are  computed
similar to basic,  however  diluted  earnings  per share  reflects  the  assumed
conversion of all potentially dilutive securities.

     The  following  table  sets  forth the  computation  of basic  and  diluted
earnings per share:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              2002               2003              2004
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------
Numerator:
     Net income (loss) before effect of discontinued
<S>                                                     <C>               <C>                   <C>
       operations and accounting change  .............. $ (55,172,000)    $   (14,104,000)      $ 7,844,000
     Discontinued operations...........................   (63,355,000)         70,024,000         3,323,000
     Cumulative  effect of accounting change...........              -           (395,000)                -
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------
                                                        $(118,527,000)         55,920,000        11,167,000

Denominator:
     Denominator for basic earnings per share -
       weighted-average shares ........................      29,979,397        35,364,363         36,221,887
     Effect of dilutive securities:
       Stock options and  warrants.....................              -                  -          2,672,778
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------

                                      F-22
<PAGE>

     Dilutive potential common shares Denominator for
       diluted earnings per share - adjusted
       weighted-average shares and assumed
       exercise of options and warrants................     29,979,397         35,364,363         38,894,665
                                                       ========================================================

   Basic earnings (loss) per share:
     Net income (loss) before  effect of discontinued
     operations and accounting change.................. $       (1.84)       $     (0.39)       $      0.22
     Discontinued operations                                    (2.11)              1.98               0.09
     Cumulative effect of accounting change..........               -              (0.01)                 -
                                                     --------------------------------------------------------
   Net income (loss) per common share................   $       (3.95)       $      1.58        $      0.31
                                                     ========================================================

   Diluted earnings (loss) per share:
     Net income (loss) before effect of discontinued
     operations and accounting change.................e $       (1.84)       $     (0.39)       $      0.20
     Discontinued operations...........................         (2.11)              1.98               0.09
     Cumulative effect of accounting change..........               -              (0.01)              -
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------
          Net income (loss) per common share - diluted. $       (3.95)       $      1.58        $      0.29
                                                       ========================================================
</TABLE>

     For the year ended  December  31,  2002,  and 2003 5.9  million and 711,000
shares were excluded from the  calculation  of diluted  earnings per share since
their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive.

12.  Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)

     Selected  results of operations for each of the fiscal  quarters during the
years ended December 31, 2003 and 2004 are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                  1st              2nd               3rd              4th
                                                Quarter          Quarter           Quarter          Quarter

                                            ---------------- ----------------   --------------- ----------------
                                                           (In thousands, except per share data)
Year Ended December 31, 2003
<S>                                            <C>              <C>               <C>              <C>
   Net revenue - as previously reported..      $   13,111       $    8,430        $     8,430      $    9,048
   Net revenue - discontinued operations.          (4,312)          (1,212)            (1,254)         (1,861)
                                            ---------------- ----------------   --------------- ----------------
   Net revenue - continuing operations...           8,799            7,218              7,176           7,187
   Operating income (loss) - as
     previously reported.................           5,646            1,927              2,694           1,275
   Operating income (loss) -
     discontinued operations.............          (2,243)            (288)              (279)            (12)
                                            ---------------- ----------------   --------------- ----------------
   Operating income (loss) - continuing
     operations..........................           3,403            1,639              2,415           1,263
   Net income (loss).....................          62,702           (2,346)            (2,702)         (1,734)
   Net income (loss) per common share -
     basic...............................      $     1.83        $   (0.07)       $     (0.08)     $    (0.05)
   Net income (loss) per common share -
     diluted.............................      $     1.82        $   (0.07)       $     (0.08)     $    (0.05)
Year Ended December 31, 2004
   Net revenue - as previously reported..      $   10,935        $  12,267        $    11,783      $   13,951
   Net revenue - discontinued operations.          (2,975)          (3,763)            (3,546)         (4,798)
                                            ---------------- ----------------   --------------- ----------------
   Net revenue - continuing operations...           7,960            8,504              8,237           9,153
   Operating income (loss) as previously
     reported............................             983            5,707              3,202           6,342
   Operating income (loss) -
     discontinued operations.............            (407)            (860)            (1,365)         (2,140)
                                            ---------------- ----------------   --------------- ----------------
   Operating income (loss) continuing
     operations..........................             576            4,847              1,837           3,712
   Net income (loss).....................          (5,557)             372             (1,643)         17,995
   Net income (loss) per common share -
     basic...............................      $    (0.15)       $    0.01        $     (0.05)     $     0.50
   Net income (loss) per common share -
     diluted.............................      $    (0.15)       $    0.01        $     (0.05)     $     0.47
</TABLE>

                                      F-23
<PAGE>


13.  Benefit Plans

     The Company has a defined  contribution plan (401(k)) covering all eligible
employees of the Company.  The Company matched  employee  contributions in 2004.
The  Company  did not  contribute  to the  plan in 2002 or  2003.  The  employee
contribution  limitations  are  determined  by  formulas,  which limit the upper
one-third  of the plan members  from  contributing  amounts that would cause the
plan to be top-heavy.  The employee contribution is limited to the lesser of 20%
of the employee's  annual  compensation  or $12,000 in 2003 and $13,000 in 2004.
The  contribution  limit for 2004 was $16,000 for  employees  50 years of age or
older.


14.  Hedging Program and Derivatives

     On January 1, 2001, the Company adopted SFAS 133 "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging  Activities" SFAS 133 as amended by SFAS 137 "Accounting
for Derivative  Instruments  and Hedging  Activities - Deferral of the Effective
Date of FASB 133" and SFAS 138  "Accounting for Certain  Derivative  Instruments
and  Certain  Hedging  Activities.  In 2003  the  Company  elected  out of hedge
accounting as prescribed by SFAS 133.  Accordingly,  instruments are recorded on
the balance sheet at their fair value with  adjustments to the carrying value of
the instruments bring recognized in oil and gas income in the current period.

         Under the terms of the Company's revolving credit facility, the Company
is required to maintain hedging agreements with respect to not less than 25% nor
more than 75% of it crude oil and natural gas production for a rolling six month
period. As of December 31, 2004 the Company's hedging positions were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

           Time Period                         Notional Quantities                      Price
---------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- ----------------------
<S>                                <C>                                          <C>
January 2005                       7,100 MMbtu of production per day            Floor of $4.50
                                   400 Bbls of crude oil production per day     Floor of $25.00
February 2005                      7,100 MMbtu of production per day            Floor of $4.50
                                   400 Bbls of crude oil production per day     Floor of $25.00
March 2005                         7,100 MMbtu of production per day            Floor of $4.50
                                   400 Bbls of crude oil production per day     Floor of $25.00
April 2005                         7,100 MMbtu of production per day            Floor of $4.50
                                   400 Bbls of crude oil production per day     Floor of $25.00
May - December 2005                9,500 MMbtu of production per day            Floor of $5.00
</TABLE>

     All hedge transactions are subject to the Company's risk management policy,
approved  by  the  Board  of  Directors.  The  Company  formally  documents  all
relationships  between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk
management  objectives  and strategy  for  undertaking  the hedge.  This process
includes  specific  identification  of the  hedging  instrument  and the  hedged
transaction,   the  nature  of  the  risk  being  hedged  and  how  the  hedging
instrument's  effectiveness will be assessed. Both at the inception of the hedge
and on an ongoing basis,  the Company  assesses whether the derivatives that are
used in hedging  transactions are effective in offsetting  changes in cash flows
of hedged items.

15.  Proved Property Impairment

     In accordance with SEC  requirements,  the estimated  discounted future net
cash flows from proved  reserves are  generally  based on prices and costs as of
the end of the year, or  alternatively,  if prices  subsequent to that date have
increased,  a price near the  periodic  filing date of the  Company's  financial
statements.  During  the  second  quarter  of 2002,  the  Company  had a ceiling
limitation  write-down  of  approximately  $28.2  million  related to continuing
operations. At December 31, 2003 and 2004, the net capitalized cost of crude oil
and natural gas properties,  plus the cost of properties not being amortized and
the lower of cost of fair value of unproved  properties  being  included in cost
being  amortized,  less related income taxes did not exceed the present value of
our estimated reserves, as such, no write-down was recorded.


                                      F-24
<PAGE>

16.  Supplemental Oil and Gas Disclosures (Unaudited)

     The accompanying table presents information  concerning the Company's crude
oil and natural gas producing activities from continuing  operations as required
by Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 69,  "Disclosures about Oil
and  Gas  Producing  Activities."  Capitalized  costs  relating  to oil  and gas
producing activities from continuing operations are as follows:

                                                 Years Ended December 31,
                                                 2003                2004
                                            ----------------    ---------------
                                                      (In thousands)
           Proved crude oil and
             natural gas properties ...     $     288,559       $    297,647
           Unproved properties ........                 -                 -
                                            ----------------    ---------------
             Total.....................           288,559            297,647
           Accumulated depreciation,
             depletion, and
             amortization, and
             impairment ...............            (212,609)        (219,726)
                                            ----------------    ---------------
               Net capitalized costs ..     $      75,950       $     77,921
                                            ================    ===============

     Cost  incurred  in  oil  and  gas  property  acquisitions  and  development
activities related to continuing operations are as follows:

                                               Years Ended December 31,
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                         2002           2003            2004
                                     -------------- -------------- -------------
                                                    (In Thousands)
                                     -------------------------------------------
      Property acquisition costs:
        Proved ......................  $       -      $       -      $       -
        Unproved ....................          -              -              -
                                     -------------- -------------- -------------

                                       $       -      $       -      $       -
                                     ============== ============== =============

      Property development and
        exploration costs ...........   $  4,944      $    9,158      $  9,088
                                     ============== ============== =============



     The  results  of  operations  for  oil and gas  producing  activities  from
continuing  operations  for the three years ending  December 31, 2002,  2003 and
2004, respectively are as follows:

                                               Years Ended December 31,
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                         2002           2003          2004
                                     -------------- ------------- -------------
                                     (In thousands)
  Revenues ...................       $    20,835     $   29,710   $  33,073
  Production costs ...........            (7,639)        (8,342)     (8,567)
  Depreciation, depletion,
    and amortization .........            (8,879)        (7,428)     (7,117)
  Proved property impairment .           (28,178)             -           -
  General and administrative .            (1,011)          (998)     (1,281)
                                     -------------- ------------- -------------
  Results of operations from oil
    and gas producing activities
    (excluding corporate overhead
    and interest costs) ..........    $  (24,872)    $   12,942   $  16,108
                                     ============== ============= =============
  Depletion rate per barrel
    of oil equivalent, before
    impact of impairment .....          $    7.55    $     7.24   $   7.39
                                     ============== ============= =============


                                      F-25
<PAGE>

Estimated Quantities of Proved Oil and Gas Reserves

     The following table presents the Company's estimate of its net proved crude
oil and natural gas reserves as of December 31, 2002,  2003, and 2004 related to
continuing   operations.   The  Company's  management  emphasizes  that  reserve
estimates are  inherently  imprecise and that estimates of new  discoveries  are
more imprecise than those of producing oil and gas properties.  Accordingly, the
estimates are expected to change as future information  becomes  available.  The
estimates have been prepared by independent petroleum reserve engineers.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                              Liquid            Natural
                                                                           Hydrocarbons           Gas
                                                                         ------------------  --------------
                                                                             (Barrels)           (Mcf)
                                                                                    (In thousands)
              Proved developed and undeveloped reserves:
<S>                                                                                 <C>          <C>
                Balance at December 31, 2001......................                  4,407        108,468
                  Revisions of previous estimates ................                    (64)       (14,986)
                  Production .....................................                   (264)        (5,733)
                  Sale of minerals in place ......................                   (843)        (9,553)
                                                                         ------------------  --------------
                Balance at December 31, 2002 .....................                  3,236         78,196
                  Revisions of previous estimates ................                    268          6,759
                  Extensions and discoveries .....................                     44             28
                  Production .....................................                   (229)        (4,781)
                                                                         ------------------  --------------
                Balance at December 31, 2003......................                  3,319         80,202
                  Revisions of previous estimates ................                    (60)          (754)
                  Extensions and discoveries .....................                     70             73
                  Production .....................................                   (229)        (4,403)
                                                                         ------------------  --------------
                Balance at December 31, 2004......................                  3,101         75,118
                                                                         ==================  ==============

                                                                              Liquid            Natural
                                                                           Hydrocarbons           Gas
                                                                         ------------------  --------------
                                                                             (Barrels)           (Mcf)
              Proved developed reserves:

                December 31, 2002 ................................                   1,754        34,776
                                                                         ==================  ==============

                December 31, 2003.................................                   1,887        39,371
                                                                         ==================  ==============

                December 31, 2004.................................                   1,878        36,241
                                                                         ==================  ==============
</TABLE>

Standardized  Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Oil
and Gas Reserves

     The following  disclosures  concerning the  standardized  measure of future
cash flows from proved  crude oil and natural gas are  presented  in  accordance
with SFAS No. 69. The  standardized  measure does not purport to  represent  the
fair market value of the Company's proved crude oil and natural gas reserves. An
estimate of fair market value would also take into account, among other factors,
the recovery of reserves not classified as proved, anticipated future changes in
prices and costs, and a discount factor more representative of the time value of
money and the risks inherent in reserve estimates.

     Under the  standardized  measure,  future cash  inflows  were  estimated by
applying  period-end  prices  at  December  31,  2004  adjusted  for  fixed  and
determinable escalations,  to the estimated future production of year-end proved
reserves.  Future cash inflows were reduced by estimated  future  production and
development  costs based on year-end  costs to determine  pre-tax cash  inflows.
Future  income  taxes were  computed by applying the  statutory  tax rate to the
excess of pre-tax cash inflows over the tax basis of the  properties.  Operating
loss  carryforwards,  tax  credits,  and  permanent  differences  to the  extent


                                      F-26
<PAGE>

estimated  to be  available  in the future  were also  considered  in the future
income tax calculations, thereby reducing the expected tax expense.

         Future net cash inflows after income taxes were discounted using a 10%
annual discount rate to arrive at the Standardized Measure.

     Set forth below is the Standardized  Measure relating to proved oil and gas
reserves  relating to continuing  operations for the three years ending December
31, 2002, 2003 and 2004.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                  Years Ended December 31,
                                    ------------------------------------------------------
                                         2002               2003               2004
                                    ------------------------------------------------------
                                                       (in Thousands)
<S>                                   <C>              <C>                 <C>
           Future cash inflows ...    $    389,061     $     512,797       $   498,165
           Future production and
             development costs ...        (158,507)         (179,036)         (194,187)
           Future income tax
             expense .............               -                 -               -
                                    ------------------------------------------------------
           Future net cash flows .         230,554           333,761           303,978
           Discount ..............        (120,238)         (172,177)         (154,943)
                                    ------------------------------------------------------
           Standardized Measure
             of discounted future
             net cash relating to
             proved reserves .....    $    110,316     $     161,584       $   149,035
                                    ======================================================

</TABLE>


                                      F-27
<PAGE>


F-29  Changes  in  Standardized  Measure  of  Discounted  Future  Net Cash Flows
Relating to Proved Oil and Gas Reserves

     The  following  is an analysis of the changes in the  Standardized  Measure
related to continuing operations:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                 Year Ended December 31
                                                ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                       2002                2003               2004
                                                ------------------- ------------------- ------------------
                                                                     (In thousands)
<S>                                                <C>                 <C>                 <C>
   Standardized Measure, beginning
     of year .................................     $      77,187       $     110,316       $     161,584
   Sales and transfers of oil and gas
     produced, net of production costs .......           (13,196)            (21,368)            (24,506)
   Net changes in prices and development
     and production costs from prior year ....            56,447              42,398              (2,814)
   Extensions, discoveries, and improved
     recovery, less related costs ............                 -                 471                 810
   Purchase of minerals in place..............                 -                 313                   -
   Sales of minerals in place ................            (9,089)                  -                   -
   Revision of previous quantity estimates ...            (9,581)              9,351              (1,818)
   Other .....................................               829               9,071                (380)
   Accretion of discount .....................             7,719              11,032              16,159
                                                ------------------- ------------------- ------------------
     Standardized Measure, end of year .......     $     110,316       $     161,584       $     149,035
                                                =================== =================== ==================

</TABLE>

                                      F-28

17. Restatement  - Year Ended December 31, 2002

     In January 2003, the Company sold its wholly-owned Canadian subsidiaries as
part  of  a  series  of  transactions  related  to  a  financial  restructuring.
Subsequent to the original issuance of its consolidated financial statements for
the year ended December 31, 2002, the Company's  management  determined that the
wholly-owned   Canadian   subsidiaries   should  not  have  been   presented  as
discontinued  operations.  As a result, in July 2003 the consolidated statements
of operations  and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2002 were restated
to present  results of  operations  and cash flows as  components  of continuing
operations.

     As  discussed in Note 2, during 2004 the business  segment  containing  the
Grey Wolf operations was discontinued.

     A summary of the  significant  effects of the  restatement  and  subsequent
discontinued operations is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                          For the Year Ended December 31, 2002
                                                    ------------------------------------------------
                                                         As           As Restated       As Reported
                                                     Originally
                                                      Reported                            Herein
                                                    --------------    -------------    --------------
                                                                     (in thousands)
Revenues:
<S>                                                    <C>               <C>            <C>
  Oil and gas production revenue................       $21,601           $ 50,862       $   20,835
   Gas processing revenue.......................             -              2,420                -
   Rig revenue..................................           635                635              635
   Other........................................            71                403               71
                                                    --------------    -------------    --------------
                                                        22,307             54,320           21,541
Operating costs and expenses:
   Lease operating and production taxes.........         7,910             15,240            7,639
   Depreciation, depletion and amortization.....         9,654             26,539            9,194
   Proved property impairment...................        32,850            115,993           28,178
   Rig operations...............................           567                567              567
   General and administrative...................         5,082              6,884            4,045
   Stock-based compensation.....................             -                  -                -
                                                    --------------    -------------    --------------
                                                        56,063            165,223           49,623
                                                    --------------    -------------    --------------
Operating loss..................................       (33,756)          (110,903)         (28,082)
Other (income) expense:
   Interest income..............................           (92)               (92)             (92)
   Amortization of deferred financing fees......         1,325              2,095            1,325
   Interest expense.............................        24,689             34,150           24,689
   Financing costs..............................           967                967              967
   (Gain) loss on sale of equity investment.....             -                  -                -
   Other........................................           201                201              201
                                                    --------------    -------------    --------------
                                                        27,090             37,321           27,090
                                                    --------------    -------------    --------------
Income loss before income tax..................        (60,846)          (148,224)         (55,172)
Income tax expense (benefit):
   Current......................................             -                  -                -
   Deferred.....................................             -            (29,697)               -
Loss from discontinued operations...............       (57,681)                 -          (63,355)
                                                    --------------    -------------    --------------
Net loss........................................     $(118,527)         $(118,527)     $  (118,527)
                                                    ==============    =============    ==============
</TABLE>


                                      F-29




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
