<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>abp10k2002.txt
<TEXT>
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K
                                   (Mark One)

[X]ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
   ACT OF 1934

                   For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2002

[ ]TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
   ACT OF 1934

                         Commission File Number 0-19118

                          ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION


             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

              Nevada                                   74-2584033
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of         I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)
  Incorporation or Organization)

                        500 N. Loop 1604 East, Suite 100
                            San Antonio, Texas 78232
                    (Address of principal executive offices)

 Registrant's telephone number,
      including area code                                  (210)  490-4788

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:
                     Common Stock, par value $.01 per share

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:
                                      None

     Indicate  by check mark  whether the  registrant  (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during  the  preceding  12 months  (or for such  shorter  period  that the
registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No__

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ X ]

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act)
[ ] Yes     [X] No

     The aggregate  market value of the voting stock (which  consists  solely of
shares of common stock) held by  nonaffiliates  of the registrant as of the last
business day of the Registrant's most recently  completed second fiscal quarter,
based upon the closing per share price of $0.75, was  approximately  $17,414,180
on such date.

     The  number of shares of the  issuer's  common  stock,  par value  $.01 per
share, outstanding as of March 5, 2003 was 35,622,096 shares of which 28,328,651
shares were held by non-affiliates.

Documents Incorporated by Reference: Portions of the registrant's Proxy
Statement relating to the 2003 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May
29, 2003 have been incorporated by reference herein (Part III).

                                       1
<PAGE>
                          ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION
                                    FORM 10-K
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                     PART I
                                                                  Page

Item 1.  Business. ...................................................4
          General.....................................................4
          Recent Events...............................................5
          Business Strategy ..........................................8
          Markets and Customers.......................................8
          Risk Factors................................................9
          Regulation of Crude Oil and Natural Gas Activities.........14
          Canadian Royalty Matters...................................17
          Environmental Matters  ....................................19
          Title to properties........................................20
          Employees..................................................21

Item 2.  Properties..................................................21
          Primary Operating Areas....................................21
          Exploratory and Developmental Acreage......................22
          Productive Wells...........................................22
          Reserves Information.......................................23
          Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas
            Production and Sales Price ..............................25
          Drilling Activities........................................25
          Office Facilities..........................................26
          Other Properties...........................................26

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings...........................................26

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.........27

Item 4a.Executive Officers of Abraxas................................27


                                     PART II

Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity
            and Related Stockholder Matters..........................28
          Market Information.........................................28
          Holders....................................................28
          Dividends..................................................28

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data.....................................29

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of
          Financial Condition and Results of Operations..............29
          General....................................................30
          Results of Operations......................................30
          Liquidity and Capital Resources............................36
           Critical Accounting Policies..............................43
           New Accounting Pronouncements.............................44

Item 7a. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk..46

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.................48


                                       2
<PAGE>

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
           on Accounting and Financial Disclosure....................48

                                    PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant  .......48

Item 11.  Executive Compensation.....................................48

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
            and Management...........................................48

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.............48

Item 14.  Controls and Procedures....................................48

                                     PART IV

Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules,
             and Reports on Form 8-K.................................49


           SIGNATURES................................................54


                                       3
<PAGE>

                           FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

     We make forward-looking  statements throughout this document.  Whenever you
read a statement that is not simply a statement of historical fact (such as when
we describe what we "believe,"  "expect" or  "anticipate"  will occur or what we
"intend"  to do,  and other  similar  statements),  you must  remember  that our
expectations may not be correct, even though we believe they are reasonable. The
forward-looking  information  contained in this document is generally located in
the  material  set forth under the  headings  "Risk  Factors,"  "Business,"  and
"Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operations" but may be found in other locations as well.  These  forward-looking
statements  generally  relate to our plans and objectives for future  operations
and are based upon our  management's  reasonable  estimates of future results or
trends.  The factors that may affect our  expectations  regarding our operations
include, among others, the following:

     o   our high debt level;

     o   our ability to raise capital;

     o   our limited liquidity;

     o   economic and business conditions;

     o   price and availability of alternative fuels;

     o   political  and  economic   conditions   in  oil  producing   countries,
         especially those in the Middle East;

     o   our success in development, exploitation and exploration activities;

     o   planned capital expenditures;

     o   prices for crude oil and natural gas;

     o   declines in our production of crude oil and natural gas;

     o   our acquisition and divestiture activities;

     o   results  of  our  hedging  activities;   and  other  factors  discussed
         elsewhere in this document.

                                     PART I

Item 1. Business

General

     Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  is an independent  energy company  engaged
primarily in the acquisition,  exploration, exploitation and production of crude
oil and  natural  gas.  Our  principal  means of  growth  has been  through  the
acquisition and subsequent development and exploitation of producing properties.
As a result of our  historical  acquisition  activities,  we  believe  we have a
substantial inventory of low risk exploration and development opportunities, the
development  of which is critical to the  maintenance  and growth of our current
production  levels.  We seek  to  complement  our  acquisition  and  development
activities by selectively participating in exploration projects with experienced
industry partners.

    In January 2003, we completed the following transactions:

     o   The  closing  of the  sale of the  capital  stock  of our  wholly-owned
         subsidiaries Canadian Abraxas Petroleum Limited,  referred to herein as
         Canadian Abraxas, and Grey Wolf Exploration Inc., referred to herein as
         Old Grey  Wolf,  to a Canadian  royalty  trust for  approximately  $138
         million.

     o   The closing of a new senior  secured credit  agreement  consisting of a
         term loan facility of $4.2 million and a revolving  credit  facility of
         up to $50 million with an initial  borrowing base of $49.9 million,  of
         which $42.5 million was used to fund the exchange offer described below
         and the remaining  availability will fund the continued  development of
         our existing crude oil and natural gas properties.

                                       4
<PAGE>

     o   The closing of an exchange  offer,  pursuant to which Abraxas paid $264
         in cash and issued $610 principal  amount of new 11 1/2 % Secured Notes
         due 2007,  Series A, referred to herein as New Notes,  and 31.36 shares
         of Abraxas  common  stock for each  $1,000 in  principal  amount of the
         outstanding  11 1/2 % Senior  Secured Notes due 2004,  Series A, and 11
         1/2 % Senior  Notes due 2004,  Series D, issued by Abraxas and Canadian
         Abraxas,  which were  tendered and accepted in the exchange  offer.  An
         aggregate of  approximately  $179.9 million in principal  amount of the
         notes were  tendered  in the  exchange  offer and the  remaining  $11.1
         million of notes not tendered were redeemed.

     o   The  repayment  of  Abraxas'  12?  % Senior  Secured  Notes  due  2003,
         principal amount of $63.5 million, plus accrued interest.

     o   The repayment of Old Grey Wolf's senior  secured  credit  facility with
         Mirant  Canada  Energy  Capital Ltd.  (Mirant  Canada  Facility) in the
         amount of approximately $46.3 million.

     o   These  transactions  are more fully  described  below under the caption
         "Recent Events."

     o   As a result of the sale of the capital  stock of  Canadian  Abraxas and
         Old Grey Wolf,  the results of operations  of Canadian  Abraxas and Old
         Grey  Wolf  are  reflected  in our  Financial  Statements  and in  this
         document as "Discontinued  Operations" and our remaining operations are
         referred  to in our  Financial  Statements  and  in  this  document  as
         "Continuing  Operations" or "Continued  Operations."  Unless  otherwise
         noted, all disclosures are for continuing operations.

     Our principal areas of operation are Texas and western Canada.  At December
31,  2002,  we owned  interests  in  459,880  gross  acres  (370,589  net acres)
applicable to our continuing operations,  and operated properties accounting for
approximately 87% of our PV-10, affording us substantial control over the timing
and  incurrence  of  operating  and capital  expenditures.  At December 31, 2002
estimated  total proved  reserves of our continuing  operations  were 112.5 Bcfe
with an aggregate PV-10 of $136.6 million.

    PV-10 means estimated future net revenue discounted at a rate of 10% per
annum, before income taxes and with no price or cost escalation or de-escalation
in accordance with guidelines promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission. A Mcf is one thousand cubic feet of natural gas. MMcf is used to
designate one million cubic feet of natural gas and Bcf refers to one billion
cubic feet of natural gas. Mcfe means thousands of cubic feet of natural gas
equivalents, using a conversion ratio of one barrel of crude oil to six Mcf of
natural gas. MMcfe means millions of cubic feet of natural gas equivalents and
Bcfe means billions of cubic feet of natural gas equivalents. MMBtu means
million British Thermal Units. The term Bbl means one barrel of crude oil and
MBbls is used to designate one thousand barrels of crude oil or natural gas
liquids.

Recent Events

     We  recently  completed  a series of  transactions  designed  to reduce our
indebtedness,  improve  our  ability to meet our debt  service  obligations  and
provide us with working capital  necessary to develop our existing crude oil and
natural gas properties.  As a result of these  transactions,  which we sometimes
refer to in this  document as the financial  restructuring,  we have reduced the
principal amount of our overall  outstanding  long-term debt from  approximately
$300 million at December 31, 2002 to  approximately  $156.4 million in principal
amount at January 23, 2003,  and have reduced our annual cash interest  payments
from  approximately $34 million (including $9.4 million included in discontinued
operations),  to approximately $4 million,  assuming that, as required under the
new senior secured credit agreement, Abraxas issues additional New Notes in lieu
of cash interest  payments on our outstanding New Notes.  After giving effect to
the financial  restructurings  on January 23, 2003, the principal  amount of our
outstanding New Notes and new senior secured credit  agreement is  approximately
$156.4 million  ($109.7 million in New Notes and $46.7 related to the new senior
secured credit  agreement).  Due to the  accounting  treatment  under  generally
accepted  accounting  principles  for  financial  restructurings,  the  reported
carrying value of such total New Notes and new senior secured credit  agreements
will be  approximately  $175 million  ($128.6 million related to the New Notes).
The transactions comprising the financial restructuring are summarized below.

                                       5
<PAGE>
     See Notes 2, 3 and 4 of Notes to Consolidated  Financial Statements in Item
8 for further  information  regarding the sale of the Canadian segment reflected
as  assets  held for sale and  discontinued  operations,  and the  impact of the
exchange offer for our outstanding historical notes at year end 2002.

         Sale of Stock of Canadian Abraxas and Old Grey Wolf

     On  January  23,  2003,  Abraxas  completed  the  sale  to  a  wholly-owned
subsidiary of PrimeWest  Energy Inc. of all of the outstanding  capital stock of
two of Abraxas' former wholly-owned subsidiaries,  Canadian Abraxas and Old Grey
Wolf, for  approximately  $138 million  before net  adjustments of $3.4 million.
Under the terms of the agreement with  PrimeWest,  we have retained  certain oil
and gas  properties  formerly  held by  Canadian  Abraxas  and  Old  Grey  Wolf,
including  all of  Canadian  Abraxas'  and Old Grey Wolf's  undeveloped  acreage
existing  at the  time of the  sale,  which  includes  all of our  interests  in
producing and undeveloped  acreage in the Ladyfern area.  These assets have been
contributed to a new wholly-owned subsidiary Grey Wolf Exploration,  Inc., which
we refer to herein as New Grey Wolf.  Portions of this undeveloped  acreage will
be developed by PrimeWest and New Grey Wolf under a farmout arrangement.

     Abraxas  used the proceeds  from the sale of the capital  stock of Canadian
Abraxas and Old Grey Wolf for the following purposes:

     o   to pay fees and  expenses of the sale of Canadian  Abraxas and Old Grey
         Wolf of approximately $2.5 million;

     o   to redeem our 12?% Senior Secured  Notes,  Series A, referred to herein
         as first lien notes,  at 100% of their principal  amount,  plus accrued
         and unpaid interest, for approximately $66.4 million; and

     o   to pay approximately  $19.4 million of the cash portion of the exchange
         offer described below.

     In addition,  upon the closing of the sale, Old Grey Wolf repaid all of its
outstanding  indebtedness of approximately $46.3 million,  related to the Mirant
Canada facility.

    Exchange Offer

     Contemporaneously  with the closing of the sale of Canadian Abraxas and Old
Grey Wolf, Abraxas completed an exchange offer,  pursuant to which it offered to
exchange  cash and  securities  for all of the then  outstanding  11 1/2% Senior
Secured Notes due 2004,  Series A, herein referred to as second lien notes,  and
11 1/2% Senior Notes due 2004, Series D, herein referred to as old notes, issued
by Abraxas and Canadian Abraxas ($52.6 million is carried on Canadian  Abraxas).
In exchange for each $1,000  principal  amount of notes tendered in the exchange
offer, tendering noteholders received:

     o   cash in the amount of $264;

     o   an 11 1/2%  Secured  Note due 2007,  Series A, with a principal  amount
         equal to $610; and

     o   31.36 shares of Abraxas common stock.

     At the time the exchange offer was made,  there were  approximately  $190.1
million of the  second  lien notes and  $800,000  of the old notes  outstanding.
Holders of approximately  94% of the aggregate  outstanding  principal amount of
the second lien notes and old notes  tendered  their  notes for  exchange in the
offer. Pursuant to the procedures for redemption under the applicable historical
indenture  provisions,  the remaining 6% of the aggregate  outstanding principal
amount of the  second  lien  notes and old notes  were  redeemed  at 100% of the
principal  amount plus  accrued and unpaid  interest,  for  approximately  $11.5
million  ($11.1  million in  principal  and $0.4  million in  interest)  and the
indentures  for the second  lien notes and old notes  were duly  discharged.  In
connection with the exchange offer,  Abraxas made cash payments of approximately
$47.5 million and issued approximately $109.7 million in principal amount of New
Notes and 5,642,699 shares of Abraxas common stock.  Fees and expenses  incurred
in connection with the exchange offer were approximately $3.8 million,  of which


                                       6
<PAGE>

$967,000 was charged to expense in 2002 and is included in financing cost in the
statement  of  operations  and the balance will be charged to expense in 2003 as
the cost are incurred.

    New Notes

     The New Notes will accrue  interest  from the date of issuance,  at a fixed
annual rate of 11 1/2%, payable in cash semi-annually on each May 1 and November
1,  commencing  May 1, 2003,  provided  that,  if we fail,  or are not permitted
pursuant  to our  new  Senior  Secured  Credit  Agreement  or the  intercreditor
agreement  between the  trustee  under the  indenture  for the New Notes and the
lenders  under  the new  senior  secured  credit  agreement,  to make  such cash
interest  payments  in full,  we will pay such  unpaid  interest  in kind by the
issuance  of  additional  notes with a principal  amount  equal to the amount of
accrued and unpaid  cash  interest  on the notes plus an  additional  1% accrued
interest for the  applicable  period.  Upon an event of default,  interest  will
accrue at an  annual  rate of 16.5%.  The New  Notes  are  guaranteed  by all of
Abraxas' current  subsidiaries,  Sandia Oil & Gas Corp., Sandia Operating Corp.,
Wamsutter Holdings,  Inc., Western Associated Energy Corporation,  Eastside Coal
Company,  Inc.,  and New Grey Wolf,  and will be  guaranteed  by all of Abraxas'
future  subsidiaries.The New Notes are secured by a second lien or charge on all
of the Company's current and future assets,  including,  but not limited to, its
crude oil and natural gas  properties.  Under the terms of the New Notes, we are
required, to the extent permitted, to pay down debt under the new senior secured
credit agreement and, if permitted,  the New Notes,  with our cash flow which is
not  required  to pay our capital  expenditures  or make cash  interest  and tax
payments.

    Redemption of First Lien Notes

     On January 24, 2003, we completed the redemption of 100% of our outstanding
12?% Senior Secured  Notes,  Series A, or first lien notes,  with  approximately
$66.4  million of the  proceeds  from the sale of Canadian  Abraxas and Old Grey
Wolf utilized to retire $63.5 million of our first lien notes outstanding,  plus
accrued interest of $2.9 million. Under the terms of the indenture for the first
lien  notes,  we had the right to redeem  the  first  lien  notes at 100% of the
outstanding  principal amount of the notes,  plus accrued and unpaid interest to
the date of  redemption,  and to discharge the indenture  upon call of the first
lien notes for redemption and deposit of the redemption  funds with the trustee.
We  exercised  these  rights on January 23, 2003 and upon the  discharge  of the
indenture,  the trustee released the collateral  securing our obligations  under
the first lien notes.

    New Senior Secured Credit Agreement

     Contemporaneously  with the closing of the  exchange  offer and the sale of
Canadian  Abraxas and Old Grey Wolf,  Abraxas  entered into a new senior secured
credit agreement  providing a term loan facility and a revolving credit facility
as described below.  Subject to earlier  termination on the occurrence of events
of default or other  events,  the  stated  maturity  date for both the term loan
facility and the  revolving  credit  facility is January 22,  2006.  Outstanding
amounts under both facilities bear interest at the prime rate announced by Wells
Fargo Bank,  N.A. plus 4.5%. Any amounts in default under the term loan facility
will  accrue  interest  at  an  additional  4%.  At no  time  will  the  amounts
outstanding  under the new senior  secured  credit  agreement bear interest at a
rate less than 9%.

     Term  Loan  Facility.  Upon  closing  of  the  new  senior  secured  credit
agreement,  Abraxas borrowed $4.2 million pursuant to a term loan facility,  all
of  which  was used to make  cash  payments  in  connection  with the  financial
restructuring. Accrued interest under the term loan facility will be capitalized
and added to the  outstanding  principal  amount of the term loan facility until
maturity.  As of March 5, 2003,  Abraxas owes $4.2  million  under the term loan
facility.

     Revolving  Credit  Facility.  Lenders under the new senior  secured  credit
agreement  have provided a revolving  credit  facility to Abraxas with a maximum
borrowing  base of up to $50  million.  Our  current  borrowing  base  under the
revolving  credit  facility is $49.9 million,  subject to  adjustments  based on
periodic  calculations and mandatory prepayments under the senior secured credit
agreement.  Portions of accrued interest under the revolving credit facility may
be  capitalized  and  added to the  principal  amount  of the  revolving  credit
facility.  As of March  5,  2003,  we have  borrowed  $42.5  million  under  the
revolving credit facility.

                                       7
<PAGE>

Business Strategy

     Our primary business  objectives are to increase  reserves,  production and
cash flow through the following:

     o   Low Cost  Operations.  We seek to  maintain  low  lease  operating  and
         general  and  administrative  expenses,  ("G&A  expenses")  per Mcfe by
         operating a majority of our producing  properties  and by maintaining a
         high  rate of  production  on a per well  basis.  As a  result  of this
         strategy,  we have  achieved per unit lease  operating and G&A expenses
         that compare favorably with our peer companies.

     o   Exploitation  of Existing  Properties.  We will  continue to allocate a
         portion of our operating  cash flow to the  exploitation  of our proved
         oil and natural gas  properties.  We believe that the  proximity of our
         undeveloped  reserves to existing production makes development of these
         properties  less  risky and more  cost-effective  than  other  drilling
         opportunities  available  to us.  Given our high  degree  of  operating
         control,   the  timing  and   incurrence   of  operating   and  capital
         expenditures  is largely within our discretion.  Abraxas'  inventory of
         development  opportunities is considerable and growing,  our ability to
         exploit that inventory  will depend on our ability to raise  additional
         capital  and on our  discretionary  cash flow,  which in turn is highly
         dependent on future crude oil and natural gas prices.

Markets and Customers

     The revenue generated by our operations is highly dependent upon the prices
of, and demand for,  crude oil and natural  gas.  Historically,  the markets for
crude oil and  natural gas have been  volatile  and are likely to continue to be
volatile in the future.  The prices we receive for our crude oil and natural gas
production and the level of such production are subject to wide fluctuations and
depend on  numerous  factors  beyond  our  control  including  seasonality,  the
condition of the United States economy (particularly the manufacturing  sector),
foreign imports,  political  conditions in other crude oil-producing and natural
gas-producing  countries, the actions of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting
Countries and domestic  regulation,  legislation and policies.  Decreases in the
prices of crude oil and natural gas have had,  and could have in the future,  an
adverse  effect on the  carrying  value of our proved  reserves and our revenue,
profitability  and cash flow from  operations.  You should  read the  discussion
under  "Risk  Factors - Crude oil and  natural  gas prices and their  volatility
could adversely our revenues,  cash flows and  profitability"  and "Management's
Discussion  and  Analysis of  Financial  Condition  and Results of  Operations -
Critical Accounting Policies" for more information relating to the effects on us
of decreases in crude oil and natural gas prices.

     In order to manage our  exposure  to price  risks in the  marketing  of our
crude oil and natural  gas,  from time to time we have  entered into fixed price
delivery  contracts,  financial  swaps  and crude oil and  natural  gas  futures
contracts as hedging devices. To ensure a fixed price for future production,  we
may sell a futures contract and thereafter  either (i) make physical delivery of
crude oil or natural  gas to comply  with such  contract  or (ii) buy a matching
futures  contract to unwind our futures  position and sell our  production  to a
customer. These contracts may expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain
circumstances,  including instances where production is less than expected,  our
customers fail to purchase or deliver the contracted  quantities of crude oil or
natural  gas, or a sudden,  unexpected  event  materially  impacts  crude oil or
natural gas prices.  These  contracts  may also  restrict our ability to benefit
from unexpected  increases in crude oil and natural gas prices.  You should read
the  discussion  under  "Management's   Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial
Condition And Results of Operations  -- Liquidity  and Capital  Resources,"  and
"Quantitative  and Qualitative  Disclosures  about Market Risk;  Commodity Price
Risk" for more information regarding our historical hedging activities.

     Substantially  all of our  crude  oil and  natural  gas is sold at  current
market prices under  short-term  arrangements , as is customary in the industry.
During  the year  ended  December  31,  2002,  three  purchasers  accounted  for
approximately  77% of our crude oil and natural gas sales. We believe that there
are numerous other companies available to purchase our crude oil and natural gas
and that the loss of one or more of these purchasers would not materially affect
our  ability to sell crude oil and  natural  gas.  The prices we realize for the
sale of our crude oil and natural gas are subject to our hedging activities. You
should  read the  discussion  under  "Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of
Financial   Condition  And  Results  of  Operations  --  Liquidity  and  Capital


                                       8
<PAGE>

Resources" and  "Quantitative  and  Qualitative  Disclosures  about Market Risk;
Commodity  Price Risk" for more  information  regarding our  historical  hedging
activities.

Risk Factors

     Our reduced operating cash flow resulting from the sale of Canadian Abraxas
and Old Grey Wolf may put significant strain on our liquidity and cash position.
Our reduced  operating cash flow and resulting  limited liquidity has caused us,
and the limitations  imposed by the new senior secured credit  agreement and the
outstanding  notes  will  cause us, to reduce  capital  expenditures,  including
exploration,  exploitation and development projects. These reductions will limit
our ability to replenish our depleting  reserves,  which could negatively impact
our cash flow from  operations  and  results of  operations  in the  future.  In
addition,  under the terms of the New  Notes,  we are  required,  to the  extent
permitted,  to pay down debt under the new senior secured credit  agreement and,
if  permitted,  the notes,  with our cash flow which is not  required to pay our
capital expenditures or make cash interest and tax payments.

     The effects of our reduced  operating  cash flow will be exacerbated by our
high level of debt, which will affect our operations in several  important ways,
including:

     o   A substantial amount of our cash flow from operations could be required
         to make principal and interest payments on our outstanding indebtedness
         and may not be available for other purposes,  including  developing our
         properties;

     o   The covenants contained in the indenture governing the New Notes and in
         the new senior  secured  credit  agreement  will  limit our  ability to
         borrow  additional funds or to dispose of assets or use the proceeds of
         any asset sales and may affect our  flexibility  in planning  for,  and
         reacting to, changes in our business; and

     o   Our debt level may impair our ability to obtain additional financing in
         the future for working  capital,  capital  expenditures,  acquisitions,
         interest  payments,  scheduled  principal  payments,  general corporate
         purposes or other purposes.

     Our limited liquidity and restrictions on uses of cash dictated by both the
new senior  secured credit  agreement and the New Notes,  combined with our high
debt  levels,  may  hinder  our  ability  to  satisfy  the  substantial  capital
requirements  related to our  operations.  The success of our future  operations
will require us to make substantial  capital  expenditures for the exploitation,
development, exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas.

     Under the terms of the new  senior  secured  credit  agreement  and the New
Notes,  Abraxas  is  subject  to  cash  and  expenditures   covenants  including
limitations on capital expenditures. These limitations imposed on Abraxas by the
new senior  secured  credit  agreement and the New Notes will have the effect of
limiting our ability to develop our crude oil and natural gas properties because
much of our cash flow may be used for debt service.  As a result, our ability to
replace  production may be limited.  You should read the  discussion  under "Our
ability  to  replace  production  with  new  reserves  is  highly  dependent  on
acquisitions  or successful  development  and  exploration  activities" for more
information  regarding the risks  associated with  limitations on our ability to
develop our crude oil and natural gas properties.

     Hedging  transactions may limit our potential gains. Under the terms of the
new senior secured credit agreement, we are required to maintain commodity price
hedging  positions  on not less than 25% and not more than 75% of our  estimated
production for a rolling  six-month period. On January 23, 2003, we entered into
a collar option  agreement with respect to 5,000 MMBtu per day, or approximately
25% of our  production,  at a call  price of $6.25  per MMBtu and a put price of
$4.00 per MMBtu,  for the  calendar  months of February  through  July 2003.  In
February 2003, we entered into a second hedging agreement related to 5,000 MMBtu
which  provides for a floor price of $4.50 per MMBtu for the calendar  months of
March 2003 through February 2004.

     We cannot  assure you that our  hedging  transactions  will  reduce risk or
minimize  the  effect of any  decline in crude oil or natural  gas  prices.  Any


                                       9
<PAGE>

substantial or extended  decline in crude oil or natural gas prices would have a
material  adverse  effect  on  our  business  and  financial  results.   Hedging
activities may limit the risk of declines in prices,  but such  arrangements may
also  limit,  and have in the  past  limited,  additional  revenues  from  price
increases.  In addition,  such  transactions may expose us to risks of financial
loss under certain circumstances, such as:

     o   production being less than expected; or

     o   price differences  between delivery points for our production and those
         in our hedging agreements increasing.

         In 2000, 2001 and 2002, we experienced hedging losses of $20.2 million,
$12.1 million and $3.2 million, respectively, of which $14.0 million, $6.6
million and $1.5 million respectively were applicable to continuing operations.

     Our ability to replace  production with new reserves is highly dependent on
acquisitions or successful development and exploration  activities.  The rate of
production  from crude oil and natural gas  properties  declines as reserves are
depleted.  Our proved  reserves will decline as reserves are produced  unless we
acquire  additional  properties  containing proved reserves,  conduct successful
exploration,  exploitation  and development  activities or, through  engineering
studies,  identify additional  behind-pipe zones or secondary recovery reserves.
Our future crude oil and natural gas  production is therefore  highly  dependent
upon our level of success in acquiring or finding additional reserves.  While we
have had some  success in pursuing  these  activities,  we have not been able to
fully  replace the  production  volumes  lost from  natural  field  declines and
property  sales.  We have  implemented a number of measures to conserve our cash
resources,  including  postponement  of exploration  and  development  projects.
However, while these measures will conserve our cash resources in the near term,
they will also limit our ability to  replenish  our  depleting  reserves,  which
could negatively  impact our cash flow from operations in the future.  The terms
of our senior secured  credit  agreement and new secured notes limit our capital
expenditures  which will further limit our ability to replenish our reserves and
replace  production.  Further,  in  addition  to  the  effects  of  our  limited
liquidity,  our  operations  may be  curtailed,  delayed or  cancelled  by other
factors,  such  as  title  problems,   weather,   compliance  with  governmental
regulations,  mechanical  problems  or  shortages  or delays in the  delivery of
equipment.  We cannot assure you that our exploration and development activities
will result in increases in reserves.

     Use of our net operating loss carryforwards may be limited. At December 31,
2002, Abraxas had, subject to the limitation  discussed below, $167.1 million of
net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. tax purposes. These loss carryforwards
will expire from 2003  through  2022 if not  utilized.  At  December  31,  2002,
Abraxas had approximately  $1.0 million of net operating loss  carryforwards for
Canadian tax purposes. These carryforwards will expire from 2003 through 2009 if
not utilized. In connection with January 2003 transactions  described in Note 3,
in Notes to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements,  Item 8,  certain  of the loss
carryforwards may be utilized.

     As to a portion of the U.S. net operating loss carryforwards, the amount of
such  carryforwards  that we can use  annually  is limited  under U.S.  tax law.
Additionally,  uncertainties exist as to the future utilization of the operating
loss  carryforwards  under the criteria set forth under FASB  Statement No. 109.
Therefore,  Abraxas has  established a valuation  allowance of $39.7 million and
$99.1   million  for  deferred  tax  assets  at  December  31,  2001  and  2002,
respectively.

     Crude oil and  natural  gas prices  and their  volatility  could  adversely
affect our revenue,  cash flows,  profitability  and growth.  Our revenue,  cash
flows,  profitability  and  future  rate of  growth  depend  substantially  upon
prevailing  prices for crude oil and natural gas.  Natural gas prices  affect us
more than crude oil prices  because  most of our  production  and  reserves  are
natural gas.  Prices also affect the amount of cash flow  available  for capital
expenditures  and our ability to borrow money or raise  additional  capital.  In
addition, we may have ceiling limitation write-downs when prices decline. During
the  second  quarter  of  2002,  we  had a  ceiling  limitation  write  down  of
approximately $116.0 million ($32.9 million for continuing  operations and $83.1
million for discontinued operations). Lower prices may also reduce the amount of
crude oil and natural gas that we can produce economically.

                                       10
<PAGE>

     We cannot predict future crude oil and natural gas prices. Factors that can
cause price fluctuations include:

     o   changes in supply and demand for crude oil and natural gas;

     o   weather conditions;

     o   the price and availability of alternative fuels;

     o   political  and  economic   conditions   in  oil  producing   countries,
         especially those in the Middle East; and

     o   overall economic conditions.

     In addition to decreasing our revenue and cash flow from operations, low or
declining  crude oil and  natural  gas  prices  could have  additional  material
adverse effects on us, such as:

     o   reducing  the overall  volumes of crude oil and natural gas that we can
         produce economically;

     o   causing a ceiling limitation write-down;

     o   increasing  our  dependence on external  sources of capital to meet our
         liquidity requirements; and

     o   impairing our ability to obtain needed equity capital.

     Lower  crude  oil and  natural  gas  prices  increase  the risk of  ceiling
limitation write-downs. We use the full cost method to account for our crude oil
and natural gas  operations.  Accordingly,  we  capitalize  the cost to acquire,
explore for and develop  crude oil and natural gas  properties.  Under full cost
accounting  rules,  the net  capitalized  cost of  crude  oil  and  natural  gas
properties  may not exceed a  "ceiling  limit"  which is based upon the  present
value of estimated  future net cash flows from proved  reserves,  discounted  at
10%, plus the lower of cost or fair market value of unproved properties.  If net
capitalized  costs of crude oil and  natural gas  properties  exceed the ceiling
limit,  we must  charge the amount of the excess to  earnings.  This is called a
"ceiling  limitation  write-down."  This  charge  does not impact cash flow from
operating activities, but does reduce our stockholders' equity and earnings. The
risk that we will be required to write down the carrying  value of crude oil and
natural gas properties  increases when crude oil and natural gas prices are low.
In  addition,  write-downs  may  occur  if we  experience  substantial  downward
adjustments to our estimated proved reserves.  An expense recorded in one period
may not be reversed in a  subsequent  period  even though  higher  crude oil and
natural- gas prices may have increased the ceiling  applicable to the subsequent
period.

     At June 30, 2002,  our net  capitalized  costs of crude oil and natural gas
properties exceeded the present value of our estimated proved reserves by $138.7
million ($28.2 million on the U.S. properties and $110.5 million on the Canadian
properties).  These amounts were calculated  considering June 30, 2002 prices of
$26.12 per Bbl for crude oil and $2.16 per Mcf for  natural  gas as  adjusted to
reflect the expected realized prices for each of the full cost pools. Subsequent
to June 30, 2002,  commodity  prices  increased in Canada and we utilized  these
increased  prices  in  calculating  the  ceiling  limitation   write-down.   The
write-down for our  discontinued  Canadian  operations was $83.1 million at June
30, 2002 and the total write-down was approximately  $116.0 million. At December
31, 2002, our net  capitalized  cost of crude oil and natural gas properties did
not  exceed  the  present  value of our  estimated  reserves,  due to  increased
commodity  prices during the fourth quarter and, as such, no further  write-down
was  recorded.  We  cannot  assure  you that we will not  experience  additional
ceiling limitation write-downs in the future.

     Estimates of our proved  reserves and future net revenue are  uncertain and
inherently imprecise.  This annual report contains estimates of our proved crude
oil and natural gas  reserves  and the  estimated  future net revenue  from such
reserves.  The  process of  estimating  crude oil and  natural  gas  reserves is


                                       11
<PAGE>

complex and involves  decisions and  assumptions  in the evaluation of available
geological,  geophysical,   engineering  and  economic  data.  Therefore,  these
estimates are imprecise.

     Actual  future  production,  crude oil and natural  gas  prices,  revenues,
taxes,   development   expenditures,   operating   expenses  and  quantities  of
recoverable  crude oil and natural gas reserves most likely will vary from those
estimated.  Any  significant  variance  could  materially  affect the  estimated
quantities  and present  value of reserves set forth in this annual  report.  In
addition,  we may adjust  estimates  of proved  reserves  to reflect  production
history,  results  of  exploration  and  development,  prevailing  crude oil and
natural gas prices and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.

     You  should  not  assume  that the  present  value of future  net  revenues
referred to in this annual  report is the current  market value of our estimated
crude oil and natural gas reserves.  In accordance  with SEC  requirements,  the
estimated  discounted  future net cash flows from proved  reserves are generally
based on prices  and costs as of the end of the period of the  estimate.  Actual
future  prices and costs may be  materially  higher or lower than the prices and
costs as of the end of the year of the estimate.  Any changes in  consumption by
natural gas  purchasers  or in  governmental  regulations  or taxation will also
affect actual future net cash flows.  The timing of both the  production and the
expenses  from the  development  and  production  of crude oil and  natural  gas
properties  will  affect the timing of actual  future net cash flows from proved
reserves and their present value. In addition, the 10% discount factor, which is
required by the SEC to be used in calculating  discounted  future net cash flows
for reporting  purposes,  is not necessarily the most accurate  discount factor.
The effective interest rate at various times and the risks associated with us or
the crude oil and natural gas  industry in general  will affect the  accuracy of
the 10% discount factor.

     The  estimates of our reserves  are based upon  various  assumptions  about
future production levels, prices and costs that may not prove to be correct over
time. In particular, estimates of crude oil and natural gas reserves, future net
revenue from proved reserves and the PV-10 thereof for the crude oil and natural
gas properties  described in this annual report are based on the assumption that
future crude oil and natural gas prices remain the same as crude oil and natural
gas  prices at  December  31,  2002.  The sales  prices as of such date used for
purposes of such estimates  were $29.69 per Bbl of crude oil,  $18.89 per Bbl of
NGLs and $3.79 per Mcf of natural  gas.  This  compares  with  $18.26 per Bbl of
crude  oil,  $16.29  per Bbl of NGLs  and  $2.16  per Mcf of  natural  gas as of
December 31, 2001.  These estimates also assume that we will make future capital
expenditures  of  approximately  $50.4  million  in  the  aggregate,  which  are
necessary to develop and realize the value of proved undeveloped reserves on our
properties.  Any significant  variance in actual results from these  assumptions
could also  materially  affect the estimated  quantity and value of reserves set
forth herein.

     We have  experienced  recurring net losses.  The following  table shows the
losses we had in 1998, 1999, 2001 and 2002 from continuing operations:

                                Years Ended December 31,
                                  1998       1999       2001       2002
                                  ----       ----       ----       ----

Net (loss) from continuing
operations                      $(79.0)    $(24.4)     $(16.0)   $ (60.8)


     While we had net income in 2000 of $9.9 million from continuing operations,
if the  significant  gain  on the  sale of an  interest  in a  partnership  were
excluded,  we would have  experienced a net loss from continuing  operations for
the year of $(24.1) million. We cannot assure you that we will become profitable
in the future.

     The marketability of our production  depends largely upon the availability,
proximity  and  capacity  of  natural  gas  gathering  systems,   pipelines  and
processing facilities.  The marketability of our production depends in part upon
processing  facilities.  Transportation  space  on such  gathering  systems  and
pipelines is  occasionally  limited and at times  unavailable  due to repairs or
improvements  being made to such  facilities or due to such space being utilized
by other  companies  with  priority  transportation  agreements.  Our  access to
transportation  options  can also be  affected  by U.S.  federal  and  state and
Canadian  regulation of crude oil and natural gas production and transportation,
general economic conditions, and changes in supply and demand. These factors and
the  availability  of  markets  are  beyond  our  control.   If  market  factors


                                       12
<PAGE>

dramatically  change,  the  financial  impact  on us  could be  substantial  and
adversely affect our ability to produce and market crude oil and natural gas.

     Our Canadian  operations are subject to the risks of currency  fluctuations
and in some instances economic and political developments. We conduct operations
in Canada. The expenses of such operations are payable in Canadian dollars while
most of the  revenue  from  crude oil and  natural  gas sales is based upon U.S.
dollar price indices.  As a result,  Canadian operations are subject to the risk
of fluctuations in the relative values of the Canadian and U.S. dollars.  We are
also required to recognize foreign currency  translation gains or losses related
to any debt issued by our Canadian subsidiary because the debt is denominated in
U.S.  dollars and the  functional  currency of such  subsidiary  is the Canadian
dollar. Our foreign operations may also be adversely affected by local political
and economic  developments,  royalty and tax increases and other foreign laws or
policies,  as well as U.S. policies affecting trade,  taxation and investment in
other countries.

     We depend on our key personnel.  We depend to a large extent on Robert L.G.
Watson, our Chairman of the Board,  President and Chief Executive  Officer,  for
our management and business and financial  contacts.  The  unavailability of Mr.
Watson could have a materially adverse effect on our business.  Mr. Watson has a
three-year  employment  contract  with Abraxas  commencing on December 21, 1999,
which  automatically  renews  thereafter for successive  one-year periods unless
Abraxas  gives 120 days notice prior to the  expiration  of the original term or
any extension  thereof of its intention not to renew the  employment  agreement.
Our  success is also  dependent  upon our  ability to employ and retain  skilled
technical personnel.  While we have not experienced difficulties in employing or
retaining  such  personnel,  our failure to do so in the future could  adversely
affect our business.

Risks Related to Our Industry

     Our  operations  are subject to numerous risks of crude oil and natural gas
drilling and production  activities.  Our crude oil and natural gas drilling and
production  activities are subject to numerous  risks,  many of which are beyond
our control. These risks include the following:

     o   that no  commercially  productive  crude oil or natural gas  reservoirs
         will be found;

     o   that crude oil and natural gas drilling and  production  activities may
         be shortened, delayed or canceled; and

     o   that our ability to develop,  produce  and market our  reserves  may be
         limited by:

         o    title problems,

         o    weather conditions,

         o    compliance with governmental requirements, and

         o    mechanical  difficulties or shortages or delays in the delivery of
              drilling rigs, work boats and other equipment.

     In the past, we have had difficulty  securing drilling equipment in certain
of our core  areas.  We cannot  assure  you that the new wells we drill  will be
productive  or  that we  will  recover  all or any  portion  of our  investment.
Drilling for crude oil and natural gas may be unprofitable.  Dry holes and wells
that are productive but do not produce  sufficient net revenues after  drilling,
operating and other costs are unprofitable.  In addition,  our properties may be
susceptible  to  hydrocarbon  draining from  production  by other  operations on
adjacent properties.

     Our industry also experiences  numerous  operating  risks.  These operating
risks include the risk of fire, explosions,  blow-outs, pipe failure, abnormally
pressured formations and environmental  hazards.  Environmental  hazards include
oil spills,  natural gas leaks, ruptures or discharges of toxic gases. If any of
these  industry  operating  risks  occur,  we  could  have  substantial  losses.
Substantial losses also may result from injury or loss of life, severe damage to
or destruction of property, clean-up responsibilities,  regulatory investigation


                                       13
<PAGE>

and  penalties  and  suspension  of  operations.  In  accordance  with  industry
practice,  we  maintain  insurance  against  some,  but not  all,  of the  risks
described  above.  We cannot assure you that our  insurance  will be adequate to
cover losses or liabilities.  Also, we cannot predict the continued availability
of insurance at premium levels that justify its purchase.

     We operate in a highly competitive  industry which may adversely affect our
operations.  We  operate in a highly  competitive  environment.  Competition  is
particularly  intense with respect to the  acquisition of desirable  undeveloped
crude oil and natural gas properties.  The principal  competitive factors in the
acquisition of such undeveloped crude oil and natural gas properties include the
staff and data necessary to identify,  investigate and purchase such properties,
and the financial resources necessary to acquire and develop such properties. We
compete  with major and  independent  crude oil and  natural gas  companies  for
properties  and the  equipment  and labor  required to develop and operate  such
properties.  Many of  these  competitors  have  financial  and  other  resources
substantially greater than ours.

     The principal  resources  necessary for the  exploration  and production of
crude oil and  natural  gas are  leasehold  prospects  under which crude oil and
natural gas reserves may be discovered,  drilling rigs and related  equipment to
explore for such reserves and  knowledgeable  personnel to conduct all phases of
crude oil and natural gas  operations.  We must compete for such  resources with
both major  crude oil and  natural  gas  companies  and  independent  operators.
Although we believe our current  operating and financial  resources are adequate
to preclude  any  significant  disruption  of our  operations  in the  immediate
future, we cannot assure you that such materials and resources will be available
to us.

     We face  significant  competition  for  obtaining  additional  natural  gas
supplies for gathering and processing  operations,  for marketing NGLs,  residue
gas,  helium,  condensate  and  sulfur,  and for  transporting  natural  gas and
liquids.  Our principal  competitors  include major integrated oil companies and
their  marketing  affiliates  and  national  and local gas  gatherers,  brokers,
marketers and distributors of varying sizes, financial resources and experience.
Certain  competitors,  such as major crude oil and natural gas  companies,  have
capital resources and control supplies of natural gas substantially greater than
ours.  Smaller  local  distributors  may enjoy a  marketing  advantage  in their
immediate service areas.

     Our crude oil and  natural  gas  operations  are  subject to  various  U.S.
federal,  state and local  and  Canadian  federal  and  provincial  governmental
regulations that materially  affect our operations.  Matters  regulated  include
discharge  permits for  drilling  operations,  drilling and  abandonment  bonds,
reports concerning operations,  the spacing of wells and unitization and pooling
of properties and taxation.  At various times,  regulatory agencies have imposed
price controls and limitations on production.  In order to conserve  supplies of
crude oil and natural gas, these  agencies have  restricted the rates of flow of
crude oil and natural  gas wells  below  actual  production  capacity.  Federal,
state,  provincial  and  local  laws  regulate  production,  handling,  storage,
transportation and disposal of crude oil and natural gas, by-products from crude
oil and  natural  gas and other  substances  and  materials  produced or used in
connection with crude oil and natural gas operations.  To date, our expenditures
related  to  complying   with  these  laws  and  for   remediation  of  existing
environmental contamination have not been significant. We believe that we are in
substantial  compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.  However,  the
requirements  of such laws and  regulations  are frequently  changed.  We cannot
predict the ultimate cost of compliance with these  requirements or their effect
on our operations.

Regulation of Crude Oil and Natural Gas Activities

     The exploration, production and transportation of all types of hydrocarbons
are subject to significant governmental regulations. Our operations are affected
from time to time in varying  degrees by  political  developments  and  federal,
state, provincial and local laws and regulations.  In particular,  crude oil and
natural gas  production  operations and economics are, or in the past have been,
affected by industry  specific  price  controls,  taxes,  conservation,  safety,
environmental,  and other laws relating to the petroleum industry, by changes in
such laws and by constantly changing administrative regulations.

         Price Regulations

     In the past,  maximum  selling prices for certain  categories of crude oil,
natural  gas,  condensate  and  NGLs  in  the  United  States  were  subject  to
significant federal regulation.  At the present time, however,  all sales of our
crude oil, natural gas,  condensate and NGLs produced in the United States under
private contracts may be sold at market prices. Congress could, however, reenact


                                       14
<PAGE>
price  controls in the future.  If controls  that limit  prices to below  market
rates are instituted, our revenue would be adversely affected.

     Crude oil and natural gas exported  from Canada is subject to regulation by
the National  Energy Board ("NEB") and the  government of Canada.  Exporters are
free to negotiate prices and other terms with  purchasers,  provided that export
contracts  in  excess  of two  years  must  continue  to meet  certain  criteria
prescribed by the NEB and the  government  of Canada.  Crude oil and natural gas
exports for a term of less than two years must be made pursuant to an NEB order,
or, in the case of exports for a longer duration, pursuant to an NEB license and
Governor in Council approval.

     The provincial  governments of Alberta,  British  Columbia and Saskatchewan
also regulate the volume of natural gas that may be removed from these provinces
for  consumption  elsewhere  based  on such  factors  as  reserve  availability,
transportation arrangements and marketing considerations.

         The North American Free Trade Agreement

     On January 1, 1994, the North American Free Trade Agreement ("NAFTA") among
the governments of the United States, Canada and Mexico became effective. In the
context of energy resources, Canada remains free to determine whether exports to
the U.S. or Mexico will be allowed provided that any export restrictions do not:
(i) reduce the  proportion of energy  resources  exported  relative to the total
supply of the energy resource (based upon the proportion  prevailing in the most
recent 36 month  period);  (ii) impose an export  price higher than the domestic
price;  or (iii)  disrupt  normal  channels of supply.  All three  countries are
prohibited from imposing minimum export or import price requirements.

     NAFTA contemplates the reduction of Mexican  restrictive trade practices in
the energy sector and prohibits  discriminatory  border  restrictions and export
taxes.  The agreement  also  contemplates  clearer  disciplines on regulators to
ensure fair  implementation of any regulatory changes and to minimize disruption
of  contractual  arrangements,  which is  important  for  Canadian  natural  gas
exports.  The Texas Railroad  Commission has recently become the lead agency for
Texas for coordinating  permits  governing Texas to Mexico cross border pipeline
projects.  The availability of selling natural gas into Mexico may substantially
impact the interstate natural gas market on all producers in the coming years.

         United States Natural Gas Regulation

     Historically,  the  natural gas  industry as a whole has been more  heavily
regulated  than  the  crude  oil  or  other  liquid  hydrocarbons  market.  Most
regulations focused on transportation  practices.  In the recent past interstate
pipeline  companies in the United States generally acted as wholesale  merchants
by purchasing  natural gas from producers and reselling the natural gas to local
distribution companies and large end users. Commencing in late 1985, the Federal
Energy  Regulatory  Commission  (the "FERC") issued a series of orders that have
had a major impact on interstate natural gas pipeline operations,  services, and
rates,  and thus have  significantly  altered the marketing and price of natural
gas. The FERC's key rule making action,  Order No. 636 ("Order 636"),  issued in
April 1992, required each interstate pipeline to, among other things, "unbundle"
its traditional  bundled sales services and create and make available on an open
and  nondiscriminatory  basis numerous  constituent  services (such as gathering
services, storage services, firm and interruptible  transportation services, and
standby sales and natural gas balancing services), and to adopt a new ratemaking
methodology to determine appropriate rates for those services. To the extent the
pipeline  company or its sales affiliate  markets natural gas as a merchant,  it
does so  pursuant to private  contracts  in direct  competition  with all of the
sellers,  such as us; however,  pipeline companies and their affiliates were not
required  to remain  "merchants"  of  natural  gas,  and most of the  interstate
pipeline  companies  have  become   "transporters   only,"  although  many  have
affiliated  marketers.  Order 636 and  related  FERC  orders  have  resulted  in
increased  competition within all phases of the natural gas industry.  We do not
believe that Order 636 and the related  restructuring  proceedings affect us any
differently  than  other  natural  gas  producers  and  marketers  with which we
compete.

     Transportation  pipeline  availability and cost are major factors affecting
the  production  and sale of natural gas. Our physical  sales of natural gas are
affected by the actual availability,  terms and cost of pipeline transportation.
The price and terms for access onto the pipeline  transportation  systems remain
subject to extensive  Federal  regulation.  Although Order 636 does not directly
regulate our production and marketing activities,  it does affect how buyers and
sellers gain access to and use of the necessary  transportation  facilities  and


                                       15
<PAGE>

how we and our competitors sell natural gas in the marketplace.  The courts have
largely  affirmed  the  significant  features of Order No. 636 and the  numerous
related orders pertaining to individual pipelines,  although some appeals remain
pending and the FERC  continues to review and modify its  regulations  regarding
the  transportation  of natural gas. For example,  the FERC has recently begun a
broad review of its natural gas  transportation  regulations,  including how its
regulations  operate  in  conjunction  with  state  proposals  for  natural  gas
marketing restructuring and in the increasingly  competitive marketplace for all
post-wellhead services related to natural gas.

     In  recent  years the FERC  also has  pursued  a number of other  important
policy initiatives which could significantly affect the marketing of natural gas
in the United States.  Some of the more notable of these regulatory  initiatives
include:

   (1) a series of orders in  individual  pipeline  proceedings  articulating  a
       policy of generally  approving  the voluntary  divestiture  of interstate
       pipeline  owned  gathering  facilities by  interstate  pipelines to their
       affiliates (the so-called "spin down" of previously  regulated  gathering
       facilities to the pipeline's nonregulated affiliates).

   (2) Order No. 497  involving  the  regulation  of  pipelines  with  marketing
       affiliates.

   (3) various FERC orders adopting rules proposed by the Gas Industry Standards
       Board which are designed to further standardize  pipeline  transportation
       tariffs and business practices.

   (4) a notice of proposed rulemaking that, among other things, proposes (a) to
       eliminate  the  cost-based  price cap  currently  imposed on natural  gas
       transactions  of  less  than  one  year  in  duration,  (b) to  establish
       mandatory  "transparent"  capacity  auctions of short-term  capacity on a
       daily basis,  and (c) to permit  interstate  pipelines to negotiate terms
       and conditions of service with individual customers.

   (5) issuance of Policy  Statements  regarding  Alternate Rates and Negotiated
       Terms and  Conditions  of Service  covering  (a) the pricing of long-term
       pipeline  transportation  services by alternative rate mechanism options,
       including  the  pricing  of  interstate   pipeline   capacity   utilizing
       market-based   rates,   incentive   rates,  or  indexed  rates,  and  (b)
       investigating  of whether FERC should  permit  pipelines to negotiate the
       terms and conditions of service, in addition to rates of service.

   (6) a notice of proposed  rulemaking  that  proposes  generic  procedures  to
       expedite the FERC's handling of complaints against  interstate  pipelines
       with the goals of encouraging  and supporting  consensual  resolutions of
       complaints and organizing the complaint procedures so that all complaints
       are handled in a timely and fair manner.

     Several of these initiatives are intended to enhance competition in natural
gas markets, although some, such as "spin downs," may have the adverse effect of
increasing the cost of doing business on some in the industry,  including us, as
a result of the  geographic  monopolization  of those  facilities  by their new,
unregulated  owners.  As to all of these FERC initiatives,  the ongoing,  or, in
some instances,  preliminary and evolving nature of these regulatory initiatives
makes it  impossible  at this  time to  predict  their  ultimate  impact  on our
business.  However, we do not believe that these FERC initiatives will affect us
any  differently  than other natural gas  producers and marketers  with which we
compete.

     Since Order 636, FERC decisions involving onshore facilities have been more
liberal in their reliance upon traditional tests for determining what facilities
are "gathering" and therefore exempt from federal  regulatory  control.  In many
instances,  what was once classified as "transmission"  may now be classified as
"gathering."  We ship  certain of our natural gas through  gathering  facilities
owned by  others,  including  interstate  pipelines,  under  existing  long term
contractual  arrangements.  Although  these  FERC  decisions  have  created  the
potential  for  increasing  the cost of shipping  our natural gas on third party
gathering facilities,  our shipping activities have not been materially affected
by these decisions.

     In summary,  all of the FERC activities  related to the  transportation  of
natural  gas have  resulted  in improved  opportunities  to market our  physical
production  to a variety  of buyers and  market  places,  while at the same time
increasing access to pipeline  transportation and delivery services.  Additional


                                       16
<PAGE>
proposals  and  proceedings  that might  affect the natural gas  industry in the
United  States are  considered  from time to time by Congress,  the FERC,  state
regulatory  bodies  and the  courts.  We  cannot  predict  when  or if any  such
proposals might become effective or their effect, if any, on our operations. The
crude oil and natural gas industry historically has been very heavily regulated;
thus there is no assurance that the less stringent  regulatory approach recently
pursued by the FERC and Congress will continue indefinitely into the future.

         State and Other Regulation

     All of the  jurisdictions  in which we own producing  crude oil and natural
gas properties  have statutory  provisions  regulating the  exploration  for and
production of crude oil and natural gas, including  provisions requiring permits
for the drilling of wells and maintaining bonding requirements in order to drill
or operate wells and provisions relating to the location of wells, the method of
drilling and casing wells,  the surface use and  restoration of properties  upon
which wells are drilled and the plugging and abandoning of wells. Our operations
are also subject to various conservation laws and regulations. These include the
regulation  of the size of drilling and spacing  units or proration  units on an
acreage basis and the density of wells which may be drilled and the  unitization
or pooling of crude oil and natural gas properties.  In this regard, some states
and provinces  allow the forced  pooling or  integration of tracts to facilitate
exploration  while other states and provinces rely on voluntary pooling of lands
and leases.  In  addition,  state and  provincial  conservation  laws  establish
maximum  rates of  production  from crude oil and natural  gas wells,  generally
prohibit the venting or flaring of natural gas and impose  certain  requirements
regarding the ratability of production. Some states, such as Texas and Oklahoma,
have, in recent years,  reviewed and  substantially  revised methods  previously
used to make monthly determinations of allowable rates of production from fields
and individual wells. The effect of all of these conservation  regulations is to
limit the speed,  timing and amounts of crude oil and natural gas we can produce
from our wells, and to limit the number of wells or the location at which we can
drill.

     State and provincial  regulation of gathering facilities generally includes
various safety,  environmental,  and in some  circumstances,  non-discriminatory
take requirements,  but does not generally entail rate regulation. In the United
States,  natural gas gathering has received greater regulatory  scrutiny at both
the  state  and  federal  levels  in  the  wake  of  the   interstate   pipeline
restructuring  under  Order 636.  For  example,  the Texas  Railroad  Commission
enacted a Natural Gas  Transportation  Standards  and Code of Conduct to provide
regulatory  support for the State's  more active  review of rates,  services and
practices  associated with the gathering and transportation of natural gas by an
entity  that  provides  such  services to others for a fee, in order to prohibit
such entities from unduly discriminating in favor of their affiliates.

     For those  operations  on U.S.  Federal or Indian oil and gas leases,  such
operations must comply with numerous regulatory restrictions,  including various
non-discrimination  statutes,  and certain of such  operations must be conducted
pursuant to certain  on-site  security  regulations  and other permits issued by
various  federal  agencies.  In  addition,  in the United  States,  the Minerals
Management  Service  ("MMS")  has  recently  issued a final  rule to  clarify or
severely limit the types of costs that are deductible  transportation  costs for
purposes of royalty  valuation of production  sold off the lease. In particular,
MMS will not allow  deduction of costs  associated  with marketer fees, cash out
and other pipeline imbalance penalties,  or long-term storage fees. Further, the
MMS has been engaged in a process of  promulgating  new rules and procedures for
determining  the value of crude oil produced  from federal lands for purposes of
calculating  royalties  owed to the  government.  The crude oil and  natural gas
industry as a whole has  resisted the proposed  rules under an  assumption  that
royalty  burdens will  substantially  increase.  We cannot predict what, if any,
effect any new rule will have on our operations.

         Canadian Royalty Matters

     In addition to Canadian federal  regulation,  each province has legislation
and  regulations  that  govern  land  tenure,   royalties,   production   rates,
environmental  protection and other matters. The royalty regime is a significant
factor in the  profitability of crude oil and natural gas production.  Royalties
payable on  production  from lands  other than  Crown  lands are  determined  by
negotiations  between the  mineral  owner and the lessee.  Crown  royalties  are
determined  by  governmental  regulation  and  are  generally  calculated  as  a
percentage  of the  value of the  gross  production,  and the rate of  royalties
payable  generally  depends  in  part  on  prescribed  preference  prices,  well
productivity,  geographical  location,  field  discovery  date  and the type and
quality of the petroleum product produced.

                                       17
<PAGE>

     From time to time the  governments  of Alberta  and British  Columbia,  the
provinces  where  almost all of New Grey  Wolf's  production  is  located,  have
established  incentive  programs  which have included  royalty rate  reductions,
royalty  holidays and tax credits for the purpose of  encouraging  crude oil and
natural gas exploration or enhanced  planning  projects.  All of New Grey Wolf's
production is from oil and gas rights which have been granted by the Provinces.

     The  Province of Alberta  requires  the payment from lessees of oil and gas
rights of annual rental payments as well as royalty  payments.  Regulations made
pursuant to the Mines and Minerals Act (Alberta) provide various  incentives for
exploring and developing crude oil reserves in Alberta.  Crude oil produced from
horizontal  extensions  commenced  at  least  five  years  after  the  well  was
originally  spudded may qualify for a royalty  reduction.  An 8,000 cubic metres
exemption  is available  to  production  from a well that has not produced for a
12-month  period prior to January 31, 1993 or 24 months  following such date. In
addition,  crude oil  production  from  eligible  new field and new pool wildcat
wells and deeper pool test wells spudded or deepened  after  September 30, 1992,
is entitled to a 12-month  royalty  exemption  (to a maximum of CDN $1 million).
Crude oil produced from low productivity wells,  enhanced recovery schemes (such
as  injection  wells)  and  experimental  projects  is also  subject  to royalty
reductions.

     The  Alberta  government  classifies  conventional  crude  oil  into  three
categories,  being Old Oil, New Oil and Third Tier Oil. Each have a base royalty
rate of 10%.  The rate  caps on the  categories  are 25% for oil from  crude oil
pools discovered after September 30, 1992, being the Third Tier Oil, 30% for oil
from pools or pool extensions discovered after April 1, 1974, from wells drilled
or deepened after October 31, 1991 or from  reactivated  wells and which are not
Third Tier Oil, and 35% for Old Oil.

     Effective  January 1, 1994,  the  calculation  and  payment of natural  gas
royalties  became subject to a simplified  process.  The royalty reserved to the
Crown, subject to various incentives,  is between 15% or 30%, in the case of new
natural gas, and between 15% and 35%, in the case of old natural gas,  depending
upon a prescribed or corporate  average  reference  price.  Natural gas produced
from qualifying exploratory gas wells spudded or deepened after July 1, 1985 and
before  June 1, 1988 are  eligible  for a royalty  exemption  for a period of 12
months,  or such  later  time that the value of the  exempted  royalty  quantity
equals a  prescribed  maximum  amount.  Natural  gas  produced  from  qualifying
intervals  in eligible  natural  gas wells  spudded or deepened to a depth below
2,500 meters is also subject to a royalty exemption, the amount of which depends
on the depth of the well.

     In  Alberta,  a producer  of crude oil or natural gas is entitled to credit
against the royalties  payable to the Crown by virtue of the Alberta Royalty Tax
Credit ("ARTC") program. The ARTC program is based on a price-sensitive formula,
and the ARTC rate  currently  varies  between 75% for prices for crude oil at or
below  CDN $100 per  cubic  metre  and 35% for  prices  above CDN $210 per cubic
metre.  The ARTC rate is  currently  applied to a maximum of CDN $2.0 million of
Alberta  Crown  royalties  payable  for each  producer  or  associated  group of
producers. Crown royalties on production from producing properties acquired from
corporations claiming maximum entitlement to ARTC will generally not be eligible
for ARTC. The rate is  established  quarterly  based on average "par price",  as
determined  by the  Alberta  Department  of Energy  for the  previous  quarterly
period.

     Producers  of  crude  oil and  natural  gas in  British  Columbia  are also
required to pay annual rental  payments in respect of Crown leases and royalties
and freehold  production  taxes in respect of crude oil and natural gas produced
from Crown and freehold lands  respectively.  British  Columbia also  classifies
conventional  crude oil into the three  categories of Old Oil, New Oil and Third
Tier Oil. The amount payable as a royalty in respect of crude oil depends on the
vintage of the crude oil (whether it was produced from a pool discovered  before
or after  October 31, 1975) or a pool in which no well was  completed on June 1,
1998),  the quantity of crude oil produced in a month and the value of the crude
oil.  Crude oil produced from a discovery well may be exempt from the payment of
a  royalty  for the first 36 months of  production  to a maximum  production  of
11,450 m3. The royalty  payable on natural gas is  determined by a sliding scale
based on a  classification  of the gas based on whether it is  conservation  gas
(gas  associated  with marketed oil  production)  and by drilling and land lease
date and on a reference price which is the greater of the amount obtained by the
producer and at prescribed minimum price. Conservation gas has a minimum royalty
of 8%. The  royalty  rate ranges  from  between 9% and 27% for wells  drilled on


                                       18

<PAGE>
lands issued after May 31, 1998 and before January 1, 2003 and completed  within
5 years of the date the lands  were  issued  and  between  12% and 27% for wells
spudded  after May 31, 1998 on lands where  rights had been issued as of May 31,
1998.

         Environmental Matters

     Our operations are subject to numerous federal, state, provincial and local
laws and regulations controlling the generation,  use, storage, and discharge of
materials into the  environment  or otherwise  relating to the protection of the
environment.  These laws and regulations may require the acquisition of a permit
or other authorization  before construction or drilling commences;  restrict the
types, quantities, and concentrations of various substances that can be released
into the  environment in connection with drilling,  production,  and natural gas
processing activities;  suspend,  limit or prohibit  construction,  drilling and
other activities in certain lands lying within wilderness,  wetlands,  and other
protected areas; require remedial measures to mitigate pollution from historical
and on-going  operations  such as use of pits and  plugging of abandoned  wells;
restrict  injection  of liquids  into  subsurface  strata  that may  contaminate
groundwater; and impose substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from our
operations.  Environmental permits required for our operations may be subject to
revocation,  modification,  and  renewal  by issuing  authorities.  Governmental
authorities  have the power to enforce  compliance  with their  regulations  and
permits,  and  violations  are  subject to  injunction,  civil  fines,  and even
criminal  penalties.   Our  management  believes  that  we  are  in  substantial
compliance with current environmental laws and regulations, and that we will not
be required to make material capital  expenditures to comply with existing laws.
Nevertheless,   changes  in  existing  environmental  laws  and  regulations  or
interpretations  thereof  could have a  significant  impact on us as well as the
crude oil and natural gas industry in general, and thus we are unable to predict
the  ultimate  cost and  effects  of future  changes in  environmental  laws and
regulations.

     In  the  United   States,   the   Comprehensive   Environmental   Response,
Compensation  and  Liability  Act  ("CERCLA"),  also known as  "Superfund,"  and
comparable state statutes impose strict, joint, and several liability on certain
classes of persons who are  considered to have  contributed  to the release of a
"hazardous  substance" into the environment.  These persons include the owner or
operator of a disposal site or sites where a release occurred and companies that
generated,  disposed or arranged  for the disposal of the  hazardous  substances
released  at  the  site.   Under  CERCLA  such  persons  or  companies   may  be
retroactively  liable for the costs of cleaning up the hazardous substances that
have been released into the  environment  and for damages to natural  resources,
and it is common for  neighboring  land owners and other  third  parties to file
claims for personal  injury,  property  damage,  and recovery of response  costs
allegedly caused by the hazardous substances released into the environment.  The
Resource  Conservation  and Recovery Act ("RCRA") and comparable  state statutes
govern the  disposal  of "solid  waste"  and  "hazardous  waste"  and  authorize
imposition of  substantial  civil and criminal  penalties for failing to prevent
surface  and  subsurface  pollution,  as  well  as to  control  the  generation,
transportation,  treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous waste generated by
crude oil and natural  gas  operations.  Although  CERCLA  currently  contains a
"petroleum  exclusion" from the definition of "hazardous  substance," state laws
affecting our  operations  impose  cleanup  liability  relating to petroleum and
petroleum related products,  including crude oil cleanups. In addition, although
RCRA regulations  currently  classify certain oilfield wastes which are uniquely
associated  with  field  operations  as   "non-hazardous,"   such   exploration,
development  and  production  wastes  could be  reclassified  by  regulation  as
hazardous  wastes  thereby  administratively  making such wastes subject to more
stringent handling and disposal requirements.

     We currently own or lease,  and have in the past owned or leased,  numerous
properties that for many years have been used for the exploration and production
of crude oil and natural gas. Although we utilized  standard industry  operating
and disposal  practices at the time,  hydrocarbons or other wastes may have been
disposed of or released on or under the  properties  we owned or leased or on or
under  other  locations  where  such  wastes  have been taken for  disposal.  In
addition,  many of these  properties  have been  operated by third parties whose
treatment and disposal or release of  hydrocarbons or other wastes was not under
our control.  These properties and the wastes disposed thereon may be subject to
CERCLA,  RCRA,  and analogous  state laws.  Our  operations are also impacted by
regulations  governing the disposal of naturally occurring radioactive materials
("NORM").  We must comply with the Clean Air Act and  comparable  state statutes
which  prohibit the  emissions of air  contaminants,  although a majority of our
activities are exempted under a standard exemption.  Moreover,  owners,  lessees
and  operators  of crude oil and  natural  gas  properties  are also  subject to
increasing  civil  liability  brought by surface  owners and adjoining  property
owners.  Such claims are  predicated on the damage to or  contamination  of land
resources  occasioned  by drilling and  production  operations  and the products


                                       19
<PAGE>

derived  therefrom,  and are  usually  causes  of  action  based on  negligence,
trespass, nuisance, strict liability and fraud.

     United States federal regulations also require certain owners and operators
of facilities  that store or otherwise  handle crude oil, such as us, to prepare
and  implement  spill  prevention,  control and  countermeasure  plans and spill
response plans relating to possible  discharge of crude oil into surface waters.
The federal Oil Pollution Act ("OPA") contains numerous requirements relating to
prevention of, reporting of, and response to crude oil spills into waters of the
United  States.  For  facilities  that may affect state waters,  OPA requires an
operator to  demonstrate  $10 million in  financial  responsibility.  State laws
mandate crude oil cleanup programs with respect to contaminated soil.

     Our  Canadian  operations  are also  subject  to  environmental  regulation
pursuant to local,  provincial and federal  legislation  which generally require
operations  to be conducted in a safe and  environmentally  responsible  manner.
Canadian  environmental  legislation  provides for restrictions and prohibitions
relating to the discharge of air, soil and water pollutants and other substances
produced  in  association  with  certain  crude  oil and  natural  gas  industry
operations,   and  environmental  protection  requirements,   including  certain
conditions  of approval and laws relating to storage,  handling,  transportation
and disposal of materials or substances  which may have an adverse effect on the
environment.  Environmental  legislation  can affect the  location  of wells and
facilities and the extent to which exploration and development is permitted.  In
addition,  legislation  requires that well and facilities sites be abandoned and
reclaimed  to the  satisfaction  of  provincial  authorities.  A breach  of such
legislation  may  result in the  imposition  of fines or  issuance  of  clean-up
orders.

     Certain federal  environmental laws that may affect us include the Canadian
Environmental  Assessment  Act which ensures that the  environmental  effects of
projects  receive  careful  consideration  prior to  licenses  or permits  being
issued,  to ensure  that  projects  that are to be  carried  out in Canada or on
federal lands do not cause significant adverse environmental effects outside the
jurisdictions  in which they are  carried  out,  and to ensure  that there is an
opportunity for public  participation in the environmental  assessment  process;
the  Canadian   Environmental   Protection   Act  ("CEPA")  which  is  the  most
comprehensive  federal environmental statute in Canada, and which controls toxic
substances  (broadly  defined),  includes standards relating to the discharge of
air,  soil and water  pollutants,  provides  for broad  enforcement  powers  and
remedies and imposes significant  penalties for violations;  the National Energy
Board  Act which can  impose  certain  environmental  protection  conditions  on
approvals issued under the Act; the Fisheries Act which prohibits the depositing
of a  deleterious  substance of any type in water  frequented  by fish or in any
place under any condition  where such  deleterious  substance may enter any such
water and provides for significant  penalties;  the Navigable Waters  Protection
Act which  requires  any work which is built in,  on,  over,  under,  through or
across any navigable water to be approved by the Minister of Transportation, and
which  attracts  severe  penalties  and remedies for  non-compliance,  including
removal of the work.

     In  Alberta,  environmental  compliance  has been  governed  by the Alberta
Environmental  Protection and Enhancement Act ("AEPEA") since September 1, 1993.
In addition to consolidating a variety of environmental statutes, the AEPEA also
imposes certain new environmental  responsibilities on crude oil and natural gas
operators in Alberta. The AEPEA sets out environmental  standards and compliance
for  releases,  clean-up  and  reporting.  The Act provides for a broad range of
liabilities, enforcement actions and penalties.

     We are not  currently  involved  in any  administrative,  judicial or legal
proceedings  arising  under  domestic  or  foreign  federal,   state,  or  local
environmental protection laws and regulations,  or under federal or state common
law,  which would have a material  adverse  effect on our financial  position or
results of operations. Moreover, we maintain insurance against costs of clean-up
operations,  but we are not fully  insured  against  all such  risks.  A serious
incident of pollution may result in the suspension or cessation of operations in
the affected area.

     We believe that we have  obtained and are in  compliance  with all material
environmental permits, authorizations and approvals.

Title to Properties

     As is customary in the crude oil and natural gas  industry,  we make only a
cursory review of title to  undeveloped  crude oil and natural gas leases at the


                                       20
<PAGE>

time we acquire them. However,  before drilling commences, we require a thorough
title search to be  conducted,  and any  material  defects in title are remedied
prior to the time actual drilling of a well begins. To the extent title opinions
or other investigations reflect title defects, we, rather than the seller of the
undeveloped  property,  are typically  obligated to cure any title defect at our
expense.  If we were unable to remedy or cure any title  defect of a nature such
that it would not be prudent to commence drilling operations on the property, we
could suffer a loss of our entire investment in the property. We believe that we
have good title to our crude oil and natural gas  properties,  some of which are
subject to immaterial  encumbrances,  easements and restrictions.  The crude oil
and  natural gas  properties  we own are also  typically  subject to royalty and
other similar non-cost bearing  interests  customary in the industry.  We do not
believe that any of these  encumbrances  or burdens will  materially  affect our
ownership or use of our properties.

Employees

     As of March 5, 2003,  we had 48 full-time  employees in the United  States,
including 3 executive officers, 3 non-executive  officers, 1 petroleum engineer,
1 geologist, 6 managers, 1 landman, 12 secretarial and clerical personnel and 21
field  personnel.  Additionally,  we retain contract pumpers on a month-to-month
basis. We retain independent geological and engineering consultants from time to
time on a limited basis and expect to continue to do so in the future.

     As of March 5, 2003,  New Grey Wolf in Canada had 13  full-time  employees,
including 3 executive officers, 1 non-executive  officer, 2 petroleum engineers,
2 geologists, 1 geophysicist and, 4 technical and clerical personnel.

Item 2.  Properties

Primary Operating Areas

Texas

     Our U.S.  operations are concentrated in South and West Texas with over 99%
of the PV-10 of our U.S.  crude oil and natural gas  properties  at December 31,
2002  located  in those  two  regions.  We  operate  94% of our  wells in Texas.
Operations in South Texas are  concentrated  along the Edwards trend in Live Oak
and Dewitt  Counties the  Frio/Vicksburg  trend in San  Patricio  County and the
Wilcox  trend in Goliad  County.  In total in south  Texas we own an average 88%
working  interest in 44 wells with average  daily  production of 291 net Bbls of
crude oil and NGLs and 8,177 net Mcf of  natural  gas per day for the year ended
December 31, 2002. As of December 31, 2002 we had estimated net proved  reserves
in South Texas of 31,103 Mmcfe (83% natural gas) with a PV-10 of $47.2  million,
70% of which was  attributable  to proved  developed  reserves.  Our West  Texas
operations are concentrated along the deep  Devonian/Ellenberger  formations and
shallow Cherry Canyon sandstones in Ward County,  the Spraberry trend in Midland
County and in the Sharon Ridge Clearfork Field in Scurry County. The Company has
entered into a farmout  agreement with EOG Resources Inc. whereby EOG earned 75%
working  interest in Abraxas' then existing  Montoya  acreage by paying  Abraxas
$2.5  million and paying  100% of the cost of the first five wells,  the last of
which came on line in December 2002. EOG remains under a continuous  development
clause:  however the Company will be  responsible  for its pro-rata share of the
drilling and development costs going forward. Two wells are planned for 2003. In
total in west Texas we own an average  75%  working  interest  in 157 wells with
average daily  production of 389net Bbls of crude oil and NGLs and 6,814 net Mcf
of natural gas per day for the year ended  December 31, 2002. As of December 31,
2002, we had  estimated  net proved  reserves in West Texas of 65,957 Mmcfe (80%
natural gas) with a PV 10 of $62.7  million,  39% of which was  attributable  to
proved developed reserves.  During 2002, we drilled a total of 3 new wells (1.06
net) in Texas with a 67% success rate.

Wyoming

     The  Company  currently  holds over 60,000  contiguous  acres in the Powder
River Basin in east  central  Wyoming.  The  Company has drilled and  operates 5
wells in Converse and Niobrara  counties  that were  completed in the Turner and
Niobrara  formations.  We own 100% working interest in these wells that produced
an average of 43 net barrels of crude oil per day in 2002.  As of  December  31,
2002 we had estimated net proved producing reserves in Wyoming of 91,791 barrels
of crude oil with a PV-10 of $427,000.

                                       21
<PAGE>

Western Canada

     The Company owns  properties  in western  Canada,  consisting  primarily of
natural gas reserves  and  undeveloped  acreage in the  provinces of Alberta and
British  Columbia.  Our Alberta  properties are in two  concentrated  areas; the
Caroline  field,  60 miles northwest of Calgary and the Peace River Arch area in
northwestern  Alberta. The Company has entered into a farmout agreement with the
recent  buyer of its  Canadian  subsidiaries  (See  "Recent  Events") to jointly
develop these areas in the future.  The Company's other Canadian  operations are
located in the Ladyfern  area of northeast  British  Columbia.  In this area the
Company  participated  in six wells being drilled during 2002 with a 50% success
rate. As of December 31, 2002, New Grey Wolf had estimated net proved  reserves,
applicable  to continuing  operations,  of 14,904 Mmcfe (91% natural gas) with a
PV-10 of $26.3  million,  61% of which  was  attributable  to  proved  developed
reserves.  For the year  ended  December  31,  2002,  the  Canadian  properties,
applicable to continuing  operations,  produced an average of approximately 27.5
net Bbls of crude oil and NGLs per day and 570 net Mcf of  natural  gas per day.
During 2002,  we drilled a total of 7 new wells (3.0 net) related to  continuing
operations in Canada with a 71% success rate.

Exploratory and Developmental Acreage

     Our principal crude oil and natural gas properties consist of non-producing
and producing crude oil and natural gas leases,  including reserves of crude oil
and  natural  gas in place.  The  following  table  indicates  our  interest  in
developed and  undeveloped  acreage  applicable  to continuing  operations as of
December 31, 2002:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                        Developed and Undeveloped Acreage
                                 -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           As of December 31, 2002
                                 -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      Developed Acreage (1)               Undeveloped Acreage (2)
                                 ---------------------------------   -----------------------------------
                                  Gross Acres  (3)   Net Acres   (4) Gross Acres  (3)   Net Acres (4)
                                 ---------------   ---------------  ---------------   ------------------
<S>                                      <C>                <C>            <C>               <C>
  Canada (5)                             10,495             5,432          352,218           277,539
  Texas                                  24,775            19,911           10,881            10,029
  Wyoming                                 3,200             3,200           58,311            54,478
                                 ---------------   ---------------  ---------------   ------------------
           Total                         38,470            28,543          421,410           342,046
                                 ===============   ===============  ===============   ==================
---------------
</TABLE>
(1)      Developed  acreage consists of acres spaced or assignable to productive
         wells.
(2)      Undeveloped  acreage is  considered  to be those  leased acres on which
         wells have not been  drilled or  completed to a point that would permit
         the  production of commercial  quantities of crude oil and natural gas,
         regardless of whether or not such acreage contains proved reserves.
(3)      Gross  acres  refers  to the  number of acres in which we own a working
         interest.
(4)      Net acres  represents  the number of acres  attributable  to an owner's
         proportionate  working  interest  and/or  royalty  interest  in a lease
         (e.g.,  a 50%  working  interest  in a  lease  covering  320  acres  is
         equivalent to 160 net acres).
(5)      Represents  acreage  applicable to continuing  operations,  see Item 1.
         "Business - Recent Events".

Productive Wells

     The  following  table sets forth our total gross and net  productive  wells
applicable  to continuing  operations,  expressed  separately  for crude oil and
natural gas, as of December 31, 2002:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                  Productive Wells (1)
                                    ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                As of December 31, 2002
                                    ---------------------------------------------------------------------
           State/Country                       Crude Oil                          Natural Gas
                                    --------------------------------   ----------------------------------
                                         Gross(2)            Net(3)         Gross(2)          Net(3)
                                    ---------------   --------------   ---------------   ----------------
<S>                                      <C>                <C>              <C>               <C>
           Canada (4)                      15.0               1.3              7.0               1.4
           Texas                          139.0             111.3             62.0              45.2
           Wyoming                          5.0               5.0              -                 -
                                    ---------------   --------------   ---------------   ----------------
                    Total                 159.0             117.6             69.0              46.6
                                    ===============   ==============   ===============   ================
------------
</TABLE>

                                       22
<PAGE>

(1)      Productive wells are producing wells and wells capable of production.
(2)      A gross well is a well in which we own an interest. The number of gross
         wells is the total number of wells in which we own an interest.
(3)      A net well is  deemed  to exist  when the sum of  fractional  ownership
         working interests in gross wells equals one. The number of net wells is
         the sum of our fractional working interest owned in gross wells.
(4)      Represents  wells  applicable  to  continuing  operations,  see Item 1.
         "Business - Recent Events".

Reserves Information

     The crude oil and natural gas reserves of Abraxas continued operations only
have been estimated as of January 1, 2003, January 1, 2002, and January 1, 2001,
by DeGolyer and MacNaughton,  of Dallas, Texas. The reserves of New Grey Wolf as
of January 1, 2003 have been estimated by DeGolyer and MacNaughton. The reserves
of Old Grey Wolf as of January 1, 2002 and  January 1, 2001 have been  estimated
by McDaniel  and  Associates  Consultants  Ltd. of Calgary,  Alberta.  All prior
Canadian  Abraxas  and Old Grey Wolf  reserves  are  reflected  as  discontinued
operations. Crude oil and natural gas reserves, and the estimates of the present
value of future net revenues  therefrom,  were determined  based on then current
prices  and costs.  Reserve  calculations  involve  the  estimate  of future net
recoverable  reserves  of crude oil and natural gas and the timing and amount of
future net revenues to be received therefrom. Such estimates are not precise and
are based on  assumptions  regarding  a variety  of  factors,  many of which are
variable and uncertain.

     The following table sets forth certain  information  regarding estimates of
our crude oil,  natural gas  liquids  and natural gas  reserves as of January 1,
2003, January 1, 2002 and January 1, 2001 related to continuing operations:

                                         Estimated Proved Reserves
                              ------------------------------------------------
                                  Proved          Proved            Total
                                 Developed     Undeveloped         Proved
                              --------------- --------------- ----------------
   Continuing Operations:
       As of January 1, 2001
         Crude oil (MBbls)           2,986            1,407           4,393
         NGLs (MBbls)                1,322              366           1,688
         Natural gas (MMcf)         48,177           66,731         114,908

       As of January 1, 2002
         Crude oil (MBbls)           1,841            1,170           3,011
         NGLs (MBbls)                1,051              352           1,403
         Natural gas (MMcf)         40,514           75,154         115,668

       As of January 1, 2003
         Crude oil (MBbls)           1,714            1,317           3,031
         NGLs (MBbls)                  144              284             428
         Natural gas (MMcf)         43,308           48,458          91,766

------------------
     Reserves on a Mcf equivalent at December 31, 2002 were 112,520 Mmcfe. Crude
     oil and natural gas liquids are converted to a Mcf equivalent (Mcfe) on the
     basis of 1 Bbl of crude oil and natural gas liquid  equals 6 Mcf of natural
     gas.

     The process of estimating crude oil and natural gas reserves is complex and
involves  decisions and  assumptions in the evaluation of available  geological,
geophysical,  engineering  and economic  data.  Therefore,  these  estimates are
imprecise.

                                       23
<PAGE>

     Actual  future  production,  crude oil and natural  gas  prices,  revenues,
taxes,   development   expenditures,   operating   expenses  and  quantities  of
recoverable  crude oil and natural gas reserves most likely will vary from those
estimated.  Any  significant  variance  could  materially  affect the  estimated
quantities  and present  value of reserves set forth in this annual  report.  In
addition,  we may adjust  estimates  of proved  reserves  to reflect  production
history,  results  of  exploration  and  development,  prevailing  crude oil and
natural gas prices and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.

     You  should  not  assume  that the  present  value of future  net  revenues
referred  to in  this  annual  statement  is the  current  market  value  of our
estimated   crude  oil  and  natural  gas  reserves.   In  accordance  with  SEC
requirements,  the  estimated  discounted  future  net cash  flows  from  proved
reserves  are  generally  based on prices and costs as of the end of the year of
the  estimate,  or  alternatively,  if  prices  subsequent  to  that  date  have
increased,  a price near the  periodic  filing date of the  Company's  financial
statements.  As of December 31, 2001,  the  Company's net  capitalized  costs of
crude oil and natural gas properties exceeded the present value of its estimated
proved  reserves by $38.9  million on U.S.  properties - continuing  operations.
This amount was calculated  considering  2001 year-end  prices of $19.84 per Bbl
for crude oil and $2.57 per Mcf for  natural  gas as  adjusted  to  reflect  the
expected  realized  prices for each of the full cost pools.  The Company did not
adjust its  capitalized  costs for its U.S.  properties  because  subsequent  to
December  31,  2001,  crude  oil and  natural  gas  prices  increased  such that
capitalized  costs for its U.S.  properties  did not exceed the present value of
the estimated proved crude oil and natural gas reserves for its U.S.  properties
as determined  using  increased  realized prices on March 22, 2002 of $24.16 per
Bbl for crude oil and $2.89 per Mcf for natural gas.

     At June 30, 2002,  our net  capitalized  costs of crude oil and natural gas
properties exceeded the present value of our estimated proved reserves by $138.7
million ($28.2 million on the U.S. properties and $110.5 million on the Canadian
properties).  These amounts were calculated  considering June 30, 2002 prices of
$26.12 per Bbl for crude oil and $2.16 per Mcf for  natural  gas as  adjusted to
reflect the expected realized prices for each of the full cost pools. Subsequent
to June 30, 2002,  commodity  prices  increased in Canada and we utilized  these
increased  prices  in  calculating  the  ceiling  limitation   write-down.   The
write-down for our  discontinued  Canadian  operations was $83.1 million at June
30, 2002 and the total write-down was approximately  $116.0 million. At December
31, 2002, our net  capitalized  cost of crude oil and natural gas properties did
not  exceed  the  present  value of our  estimated  reserves,  due to  increased
commodity  prices during the fourth quarter and, as such, no further  write-down
was  recorded.  We  cannot  assure  you that we will not  experience  additional
ceiling limitation write-downs in the future.

     Actual future  prices and costs may be materially  higher or lower than the
prices  and  costs as of the end of the year of the  estimate.  Any  changes  in
consumption by natural gas purchasers or in governmental regulations or taxation
will also affect actual future net cash flows. The timing of both the production
and the expenses from the  development  and  production of crude oil and natural
gas  properties  will  affect  the  timing of actual  future net cash flows from
proved  reserves and their present value In addition,  the 10% discount  factor,
which is required  by the SEC to be used in  calculating  discounted  future net
cash flows for reporting purposes, is not necessarily the most accurate discount
factor.  The effective  interest rate at various times and the risks  associated
with us or the crude oil and  natural gas  industry  in general  will affect the
accuracy of the 10% discount factor.

     The  estimates of our reserves  are based upon  various  assumptions  about
future production levels, prices and costs that may not prove to be correct over
time. In particular, estimates of crude oil and natural gas reserves, future net
revenue from proved reserves and the PV-10 thereof for the crude oil and natural
gas properties  described in this report are based on the assumption that future
crude oil and  natural  gas prices  remain the same as crude oil and natural gas
prices at December 31, 2002.  The average  sales prices as of such date used for
purposes of such estimates  were $29.69 per Bbl of crude oil,  $18.89 per Bbl of
NGLs and $3.79 per Mcf of  natural  gas.  It is also  assumed  that we will make
future capital  expenditures  of  approximately  $50.4 million in the aggregate,
which are  necessary  to develop  and  realize  the value of proved  undeveloped
reserves on our  properties.  Any  significant  variance in actual  results from
these assumptions could also materially affect the estimated  quantity and value
of reserves set forth herein.

     We file reports of our  estimated  crude oil and natural gas reserves  with
the Department of Energy and the Bureau of the Census.  The reserves reported to


                                       24
<PAGE>

these  agencies  are  required  to be  reported  on a gross  operated  basis and
therefore are not comparable to the reserve data reported herein.

Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids, and Natural Gas Production and Sales Prices

    The following table presents our net crude oil, net natural gas liquids and
net natural gas production, the average sales price per Bbl of crude oil and
natural gas liquids and per Mcf of natural gas produced and the average cost of
production per BOE of production sold, for the three years ended December 31,
2002 adjusted for the impact of discontinued operations:

                                             2002        2001         2000
                                        ------------ ------------- ------------
      Crude oil production (Bbls)           264,531       364,638      406,829
      Natural gas production (Mcf)        5,679,639     7,823,098    8,363,611
      Natural gas liquids production
           (Bbls)                             9,530        51,304      132,005
      Mmcfe                                   7,324        10,318       11,597
      Average sales price per Bbl of
           crude oil                      $   24.42      $  25.07      $ 14.01
      Average sales price per MCF of
           natural gas (1)                $    2.64      $   3.19      $  2.84
      Average sales price per Bbl of
           natural gas liquids            $   14.88      $  15.61      $ 20.53
      Average sales price per Mcfe (1)    $    2.95      $   3.39      $  2.77
      Average cost of production  per
           Mcfe produced (2)              $    1.08      $   0.90      $  0.67

(1)  Average sales prices are net of hedging activity.
(2)  Crude oil and natural gas were combined by converting crude oil and natural
     gas liquids to a Mcf equivalent ("Mcfe") on the basis of 1 Bbl of crude oil
     and  natural  gas liquid  equals 6 Mcf of  natural  gas.  Production  costs
     include  direct  operating  costs,  ad valorem  taxes and gross  production
     taxes.

Drilling Activities

     The  following  table sets  forth our gross and net  working  interests  in
exploratory and development  wells drilled during the three years ended December
31 2002, adjusted for the impact of discontinued operations:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                  2002                     2001                2000
                         ----------------------- ---------------------- --------------------

                          Gross(1)       Net(2)     Gross(1)    Net(2)    Gross(1)    Net(2)
                         ------------ ---------- ------------ --------- ----------- --------
<S>                              <C>        <C>      <C>           <C>        <C>      <C>
Exploratory(3)

  Productive(4)


          Crude oil              1.0        1.0            -         -           -        -

          Natural gas            3.0         .5            -         -           -        -

          Dry holes(5)           3.0        1.5            -         -         1.0      1.0
                         ------------ ---------- ------------ --------- ----------- --------

                  Total          7.0        3.0            -         -         1.0      1.0
                         ============ ========== ============ ========= =========== ========

Development(6)

  Productive (4)

          Crude oil                -          -          1.0       1.0         9.0      9.0

          Natural gas            3.0        1.1          5.0       4.3         6.0      5.0

          Dry holes (5)            -          -            -         -         1.0      1.0
                         ------------ ---------- ------------ --------- ----------- --------
                                 3.0        1.1          6.0       5.3        16.0     15.0
                         ============ ========== ============ ========= =========== ========
</TABLE>
------------------

                                       25
<PAGE>
(1)  A gross well is a well in which we own an interest.
(2)  The  number  of net  wells  represents  the  total  percentage  of  working
     interests  held  in all  wells  (e.g.,  total  working  interest  of 50% is
     equivalent to 0.5 net well. A total working  interest of 100% is equivalent
     to 1.0 net well).
(3)  An  exploratory  well is a well  drilled to find and  produce  crude oil or
     natural  gas in an  unproved  area,  to  find a new  reservoir  in a  field
     previously  found to be  producing  crude  oil or  natural  gas in  another
     reservoir, or to extend a known reservoir.
(4)  A productive well is an exploratory or a development well that is not a dry
     hole.
(5)  A dry hole is an exploratory  or development  well found to be incapable of
     producing  either  crude oil or natural  gas in  sufficient  quantities  to
     justify completion as a crude oil or natural gas well.
(6)  A development  well is a well drilled within the proved area of a crude oil
     or natural gas reservoir to the depth of stratigraphic  horizon (rock layer
     or formation)  noted to be productive for the purpose of extracting  proved
     crude oil or natural gas reserves.

     As of March 5, 2003, we had 6 wells in process of drilling and  completing,
1 in the U.S. and 5 in Canada.

Office Facilities

     Our executive and administrative offices are located at 500 North Loop 1604
East,  Suite 100, San Antonio,  Texas 78232.  We also have an office in Midland,
Texas.  These  offices,  consisting of  approximately  12,650 square feet in San
Antonio  and 570  square  feet in  Midland,  are leased  until  March 2006 at an
aggregate base rate of $19,500 per month.

     New Grey Wolf leases 17,522 square feet of office space in Calgary, Alberta
pursuant to a lease, which expires in April, 2003.

Other Properties

     We own 10 acres of land, an office building,  workshop, warehouse and house
in Sinton, Texas, 2.8 acres of land, an office building in Scurry County, Texas,
600  acres of fee land in  Scurry  County,  Texas  and 160 acres of land in Coke
County,  Texas. . All three  properties are used for the storage of tubulars and
production  equipment.  We also own 19  vehicles  which are used in the field by
employees. We own 2 workover rigs, which are used for servicing our wells.


Item 3. Legal Proceedings

     In 2001,  Abraxas and Abraxas  Wamsutter L.P. were named as defendants in a
lawsuit  filed in U.S.  District  Court in the  District of  Wyoming.  The claim
asserts breach of contract, fraud and negligent misrepresentation by Abraxas and
Abraxas  Wamsutter,  L.P. related to the responsibility for year 2000 ad valorem
taxes on crude oil and  natural  gas  properties  sold by  Abraxas  and  Abraxas
Wamsutter,  L.P.  In  February  2002,  a summary  judgment  was  granted  to the
plaintiff in this matter and a final  judgment in the amount of $1.3 million was
entered.  Abraxas  has filed an appeal.  We believe  these  charges  are without
merit. We have established a reserve in the amount of $845,000, which represents
our estimated share of the judgment.

                                       26
<PAGE>

     In late 2000, Abraxas received a Final De Minimis Settlement Offer from the
United States  Environmental  Protection Agency concerning the Casmalia Disposal
Site, Santa Barbara County,  California.  Abraxas'  liability for the cleanup at
the  Superfund  site is based on a 1992  acquisition  , which is alleged to have
transported or arranged for the  transportation  of oil field waste and drilling
muds to the Superfund site.  Abraxas has engaged  California counsel to evaluate
the notice of proposed de minimis  settlement and its notice of potential strict
liability  under the  Comprehensive  Environmental  Response,  Compensation  and
Liability Act.  Defense of the action is handled  through a joint group of crude
oil  companies,  all of which are  claiming a  petroleum  exclusion  that limits
Abraxas' liability.  The potential financial exposure and any settlement posture
has yet not been developed, but is considered by Abraxas to be immaterial.

         Additionally, from time to time, we are involved in litigation relating
to claims arising out of its operations in the normal course of business. At
December 31, 2002, we were not engaged in any legal proceedings that are
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on
our operations.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

     No matter was submitted to a vote of our security holders during the fourth
quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002.

Item 4a. Executive Officers of Abraxas

     Certain  information is set forth below concerning our executive  officers,
each of whom has been  selected  to serve  until  the  2003  annual  meeting  of
shareholders and until his successor is duly elected and qualified.

     Robert  L.  G.  Watson,  age 52,  has  served  as  Chairman  of the  Board,
President,  Chief Executive  Officer and a director of Abraxas since 1977. Since
May 1996,  Mr. Watson has also served as Chairman of the Board and a director of
Grey Wolf.  In November  1996,  Mr.  Watson was  elected  Chairman of the Board,
President and as a director of Canadian Abraxas.  Prior to joining Abraxas,  Mr.
Watson was  employed  in various  petroleum  engineering  positions  with Tesoro
Petroleum  Corporation,  a crude oil and natural gas  exploration and production
company,  from 1972 through 1977,  and DeGolyer and  McNaughton,  an independent
petroleum engineering firm, from 1970 to 1972. Mr. Watson received a Bachelor of
Science degree in Mechanical  Engineering from Southern Methodist  University in
1972 and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Texas
at San Antonio in 1974.

     Chris E. Williford, age 51, was elected Vice President, Treasurer and Chief
Financial  Officer of Abraxas in January 1993,  and as Executive  Vice President
and a director  of Abraxas in May 1993.  In November  1996,  Mr.  Williford  was
elected Vice President and Assistant  Secretary of Canadian Abraxas. In December
1999, Mr. Williford resigned as a director of Abraxas. Prior to joining Abraxas,
Mr.   Williford  was  Chief  Financial   Officer  of  American   Natural  Energy
Corporation,  a crude oil and natural gas  exploration  and production  company,
from July 1989 to December 1992 and President of Clark Resources  Corp., a crude
oil and natural gas exploration and production company, from January 1987 to May
1989.  Mr.  Williford   received  a  Bachelor  of  Science  degree  in  Business
Administration from Pittsburgh State University in 1973.

     Robert W. Carington,  Jr., age 41, was elected Executive Vice President and
a director of the Company in July 1998. In December 1999, Mr. Carington resigned
as a director of Abraxas.  Prior to joining the  Company,  Mr.  Carington  was a
Managing  Director with Jefferies & Company,  Inc. Prior to joining  Jefferies &
Company,  Inc. in January 1993,  Mr.  Carington was a Vice  President at Howard,
Weil,  Labouisse,  Friedrichs,  Inc. Prior to joining Howard,  Weil,  Labouisse,
Friedrichs, Inc., Mr. Carington was a petroleum engineer with Unocal Corporation
from 1983 to 1990.  Mr.  Carington  received a degree of  Bachelor of Science in
Mechanical  Engineering  from Rice  University in 1983 and a Masters of Business
Administration from the University of Houston in 1990.


                                       27
<PAGE>


                                     PART II


Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

Market Information

         Abraxas common stock began trading on the American Stock Exchange on
August 18, 2000, under the symbol "ABP." The following table sets forth certain
information as to the high and low bid quotations quoted for Abraxas' common
stock on the American Stock Exchange.

             Period                        High        Low
             ------                        ----        ---
2001         First Quarter                 $5.32        $3.69
             Second Quarter                 4.98         3.10
             Third Quarter                  3.65         1.70
             Fourth Quarter                 1.85         0.88


2002
             First Quarter                 $1.70        $0.89
             Second Quarter                 1.41         0.52
             Third Quarter                  0.98         0.42
             Fourth Quarter                 0.80         0.52

2003         Through March 5, 2003         $0.78        $0.89

Holders

     As of March 5, 2003, we had 35,622,096  shares of common stock  outstanding
and had approximately 1,606 stockholders of record.

Dividends

     We have not  paid any cash  dividends  on our  common  stock  and it is not
presently  determinable when, if ever, we will pay cash dividends in the future.
In addition, the indenture governing the New Notes and New Senior Secured Credit
Agreement  prohibits the payment of cash  dividends  and stock  dividends on our
common stock. You should read the discussion under "Management's  Discussion and
Analysis of  Financial  Condition  and  Results of  Operations  - Liquidity  and
Capital  Resources"  for more  information  regarding  the  restrictions  on our
ability to pay dividends.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

     On January 23, 2003, we issued  approximately  $109.7  million in principal
amount of New Notes and 5,642,699  shares of Abraxas  common stock in connection
with the exchange offer.  These securities were issued pursuant to the exemption
from the  registration  requirements  of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
under  Regulation  D. The  securities  were offered and sold only to  accredited
investors and to no more than 35  non-accredited  investors each of whom Abraxas
believed had such  knowledge and  experience  in financial and business  matters
that  he or she was  capable  of  evaluation  of the  merits  and  risks  on the
investment in the New Notes and shares of Abraxas common stock.

                                       28
<PAGE>

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                      Equity Compensation Plan Information

                                                                                          Number of securities
                                                                                         remaining available for
                                   Number of securities to       Weighted-average        future issuance under
                                   be issued upon exercise      exercise price of       equity compensation plans
                                   of outstanding options,     outstanding options,       (excluding securities
                                     warrants and rights       warrants and rights       reflected in column (a))
          Plan Category                      (a)                       (b)                        (c)
--------------------------------   ------------------------   ----------------------   -------------------------
<S>                                       <C>                         <C>                      <C>
Equity compensation plan
approved by security holders              3,003,340                   $1.94                    2,161,366

Equity compensation plans not
approved by security holders
                                          1,252,000                   $2.89                        -
</TABLE>

    Item 6. Selected Financial Data

     The following  selected  financial  data are derived from our  Consolidated
Financial  Statements.   The  data  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  our
Consolidated  Financial  Statements  and  Notes  thereto,  and  other  financial
information included herein. See "Financial Statements in Item 8." Certain items
have  been  restated  to  reflect  continuing  operations.  See Item 1.  "Recent
Events".
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             Year Ended December 31,
                                                 -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     2002            2001             2000             1999        1998
                                                     ----            ----             ----             ----        ----
                                                                   (Dollars in thousands except per share data)
<S>                                              <C>             <C>            <C>            <C>               <C>
Total revenue - continuing operations            $     22,307    $    35,775    $   32,886     $      24,586     $  36,267
Income   (loss)  from   continuing   operations
   before extraordinary item                     $   (60,846)(2) $   (16,043)   $    8,449(1)  $     (24,427)    $ (79,027) (2)
Income (loss) from continuing operations
   before extraordinary item per common share
   -  diluted                                    $     (2.03)    $     (0.62)   $     0.31     $       (3.60)    $  (12.48)
Weighted  average shares  outstanding - diluted
   (in thousands)                                     29,979          25,789        22,616             6,784         6,331
Total assets                                     $   181,425     $   303,616    $  335,560     $     322,284     $ 291,498
Long-term debt, excluding current maturities     $   190,979     $   226,240    $  266,441     $     273,421     $ 299,698
Total stockholders' equity (deficit)             $  (142,254)    $   (28,585)   $   (6,503)    $      (9,505)    $ (63,522)
</TABLE>

(1) Includes gain on sale of partnership interest of $34 million in 2000.
(2) Includes  ceiling  write-down  of $61.2 million in 1998 and $32.9 million in
    2002.

Item 7. Management's  Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results
Of Operations

     The  following is a discussion  of our  consolidated  financial  condition,
results of operations,  liquidity and capital resources.  This discussion should
be read in conjunction with our Consolidated  Financial Statements and the Notes
thereto. See "Financial  Statements" in Item 8. The discussion reflects the sale
of our  Canadian  subsidiaries,  Canadian  Abraxas  and Old Grey  Wolf,  and the
completion of our financial  restructuring  which was completed in January 2003.
References to continuing  operations  refer to our  operations  after taking the
sale of  Canadian  Abraxas  and Old Grey  Wolf  into  account.  The  results  of
operations of Canadian  Abraxas and Old Grey Wolf are included in  "Discontinued
Operations" in our Financial Statements.

                                       29
<PAGE>
General

     We have incurred net losses in five of the last six years, and there can be
no assurance that  operating  income and net earnings will be achieved in future
periods. Our revenues, profitability and future rate of growth are substantially
dependent upon  prevailing  prices for crude oil and natural gas and the volumes
of crude oil,  natural gas and  natural  gas  liquids we produce.  Crude oil and
natural gas prices increased  substantially in 2000.  During 2001, crude oil and
natural gas prices  weakened  substantially  from the 2000 levels.  During 2002,
prices began to increase. In addition,  because our proved reserves will decline
as crude oil,  natural  gas and natural  gas  liquids  are  produced,  unless we
acquire additional  properties  containing proved reserves or conduct successful
exploration  and  development  activities,  our  reserves  and  production  will
decrease.  Our ability to acquire or find additional reserves in the near future
will be dependent,  in part, upon the amount of available funds for acquisition,
exploitation,  exploration and development projects. In order to provide us with
liquidity  and  capital  resources,  we  have  sold  certain  of  our  producing
properties.  However, our production levels have declined as we have been unable
to replace the  production  represented  by the properties we have sold with new
production  from the producing  properties we have invested in with the proceeds
of our property  sales.  In addition,  under the terms of our new senior secured
credit  agreement and our New Notes,  we are subject to  limitations  on capital
expenditures. As a result, we will be limited in our ability to replace existing
production  with new  production  and might  suffer a decrease  in the volume of
crude oil and natural gas we produce. If crude oil and natural gas prices return
to  depressed  levels or if our  production  levels  continue to  decrease,  our
revenues,  cash flow from operations and financial  condition will be materially
adversely affected. For more information, see "Liquidity and Capital Resources -
Current Liquidity Requirements" and "Future Capital Resources."

Results of Operations

     General.  Our financial results depend upon many factors,  particularly the
following factors which most significantly affect our results of operations:

         o    the sales  prices of crude oil,  natural  gas  liquids and natural
              gas;

         o    the level of total sales volumes of crude oil, natural gas liquids
              and natural gas;

         o    the ability to raise capital  resources  and provide  liquidity to
              meet cash flow needs;

         o    the level of and interest rates on borrowings; and

         o    the level and success of exploration and development activity.

     Commodity Prices.  Our results of operations are significantly  affected by
fluctuations in commodity prices. Price volatility in the natural gas market has
remained  prevalent  in the last few years.  In the first  quarter  of 2002,  we
experienced  a decline  in  energy  commodity  prices  from the  prices  that we
received in the first quarter of 2001.  During the first quarter of 2001, we had
certain  crude oil and  natural  gas  hedges  in place  that  prevented  us from
realizing the full impact of a favorable price environment. In January 2001, the
market price of natural gas was at its highest  level in our  operating  history
and the price of crude oil was also at a high level. However, over the course of
2001 and the  beginning  of the  first  quarter  of 2002,  prices  again  became
depressed,  primarily  due to the  economic  downturn.  Beginning in March 2002,
commodity  prices began to increase and continued  higher through December 2002.
Prices have continued to increase during the first part of 2003. As of March 5 ,
2003,  the NYMEX  price for natural gas was $7.02 per Mcf and $36.69 per Bbl for
crude oil.

     The table below  illustrates  how natural  gas prices  fluctuated  over the
course of 2001 and 2002.  The table below contains the last three day average of
NYMEX traded  contracts price and the prices we realized during each quarter for
2001 and 2002 for  continuing  operations,  including  the impact of our hedging
activities.

                                       30
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          Natural Gas Prices by Quarter
                                 (in $ per Mcf)

              ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              Quarter Ended
              ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               March 31,   June 30,   Sept. 30,      Dec31,      March 31,    June 30,    Sept. 30,    Dec. 31,
                 2001        2001        2001         2001          2002         2002        2002        2002
              ------------ ---------- ----------- ------------- ------------- ----------- ----------- -----------
<S>                 <C>          <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>
Index               $7.27        $4.82      $2.98       $2.47      $2.38        $3.36       $3.28       $ 3.99
Realized             4.66         3.38       2.38        2.07       2.27         2.60        2.35         3.46
</TABLE>

         The NYMEX natural gas price on March 5, 2003 was $7.02 per Mcf.

     Prices for crude oil have followed a similar path as the  commodity  market
fell throughout 2001 and the first quarter of 2002. The table below contains the
last  three day  average  of NYMEX  traded  contracts  price  and the  prices we
realized from continuing operations during each quarter for 2001 and 2002.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                           Crude Oil Prices by Quarter
                                 (in $ per Bbl)

              -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              Quarter Ended
              -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              March 31,   June 30,    Sept. 30,       Dec. 31,     March 31,    June 30,    Sept. 30,     Dec. 31,
                 2001       2001         2001          2001          2002         2002         2002         2002
              ----------- ---------- ------------- -------------- ------------- ---------- ------------- ------------
<S>           <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>                 <C>        <C>          <C>         <C>
Index         $  29.86    $ 27.94     $   26.50   $     22.12         $ 19.48    $ 26.40      $  27.50    $ 28.29

Realized         28.04      26.23         25.88         19.20           16.30      23.49         27.32      30.91

</TABLE>

         The NYMEX crude oil price on March 5, 2003 was $ 36.69 per Bbl.

     Hedging  Activities.  We seek to reduce our exposure to price volatility by
hedging our production  through swaps,  options and other  commodity  derivative
instruments.  In 2000,  2001 and 2002, we  experienced  hedging  losses of $20.2
million, $12.1 million and $2.8 million,  respectively,  of which $14.0 million,
$6.6 million and $1.5 million were  attributable  to continuing  operations.  In
October 2002,  all of these hedge  agreements  expired.  Under the expired hedge
agreements,  we made  total  payments  over the term of  these  arrangements  to
various  counterparties  in the amount of $35.1 million,  of which $13.0 million
was attributable to discontinued operations.

     Under the terms of our new senior secured credit agreement, we are required
to maintain  hedging  positions  with respect to not less than 25% nor more than
75% of our crude oil and natural gas  production for a rolling six month period.
On January 23, 2003, we entered into a collar option  agreement  with respect to
5,000 MMBtu per day, or approximately 25% of our production,  at a call price of
$6.25 per MMBtu and a put price of $4.00 per MMBtu  agreement,  for the calendar
months of February through July 2003. In February 2003, we entered into a second
hedge  agreement for the calendar  months of March 2003 through  February  2004,
related to 5,000 MMBtu which provides for a floor price of $4.50 per MMBtu.

     Selected  Operating  Data.  The  following  table sets forth certain of our
operating data for the periods presented.  All data has been restated to reflect
continuing operations.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   Years Ended December 31,
                                                 --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         (dollars in thousands, except per unit data)
                                                       2002                  2001                  2000
                                                 ------------------    ------------------    ------------------
Operating revenue from continuing operations:*
<S>                                                <C>                 <C>                    <C>
   Crude oil sales*............................    $       6,461       $        9,141         $       5,701
   NGLs sales .................................              142                  801                 2,710
   Natural gas sales*..........................           14,998               24,992                23,754
   Rig and other...............................              706                  841                   721
                                                 ------------------    ------------------    ------------------
   Total operating revenues ...................   $       22,307       $       35,775         $      32,886
                                                 ==================    ==================    ==================

                                       31
<PAGE>
   Operating income (loss) from continuing
     operations................................   $      (33,756)      $       11,265         $       4,479

   Crude oil production (MBbls)................            264.5                364.6                 406.8
   NGLs production (MBbls).....................              9.5                 51.3                 132.0
   Natural gas production (MMcf)...............          5,679.6              7,823.1               8,363.6

   Average crude oil sales price (per Bbl)*....   $        24.42        $       25.07         $       14.01
   Average NGLs sales price (per Bbl)..........   $        14.88        $       15.61         $       20.53
   Average natural gas sales price (per Mcf)*..   $         2.64        $        3.19         $        2.84
</TABLE>

*Revenue and average sales prices are net of hedging activities.

Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2002 to Year Ended December 31, 2001 :

Continuing Operations:

     Operating  Revenue.  During the year ended  December  31,  2002,  operating
revenue from crude oil,  natural gas and natural gas liquids sales  decreased by
$13.3 million from $34.9 million in 2001 to $21.6 million in 2002. This decrease
was primarily  attributable to a decrease in production  volumes.  Crude Oil and
natural gas revenue was impacted $3.2 million from a decline in commodity prices
and $10.1 million from reduced production.  The decline in production was due to
the disposition of certain properties in south Texas and natural field declines.

     Natural gas liquids  volumes  declined from 51.3 MBbls in 2001 to 9.5 MBbls
in 2002.  Crude oil sales  volumes  declined  from 364.6  MBbls in 2001 to 264.5
MBbls during 2002.  Natural gas sales volumes  decreased from 7.8 Bcf in 2001 to
5.7  Bcf  in  2002.  Production  declines  were  primarily  attributable  to our
disposition  of assets during 2002 and natural field  declines.  During 2002, we
sold producing  properties  which had  contributed  14.0 MBbls of crude oil, and
259.5  MMcf of  natural  gas  during  2002  prior  to their  disposition.  These
properties contributed 43.2 Mbbls of crude oil and natural gas liquids and 815.5
MMcf of natural for the year ended December 31, 2001. In 2001 we drilled a total
of 6.0 gross wells (5.3 net wells) relating to our continuing operations.  Total
production from these wells during 2002 contributed a total of 9.8MBbls of crude
oil and 485.2 MMcf of natural gas.  During 2001,  we sold  producing  properties
which had contributed 49.8 MBbls of crude oil,  22.3MBbls of NGLs and 661.5 MMcf
of natural gas during 2001 through the date of disposition. In 2000 we drilled a
total of 17 gross wells (16 net wells)  relating to our  continuing  operations.
Total  production from these wells during 2001 contributed a total of 63.2 MBbls
of crude oil, 6.5 MBbls of NGLs and 890.5 MMcfs of natural gas.

     Average sales prices in 2002 net of hedging losses were:

         o    $ 24.42  per Bbl of crude oil,
         o    $ 14.88  per Bbl of natural gas liquids, and
         o    $  2.64  per Mcf of natural gas.

    Average sales prices in 2001 net of hedging losses were:

         o    $ 25.07  per Bbl of crude oil,
         o    $ 15.61  per Bbl of natural gas liquids,and
         o    $  3.19  per Mcf of natural gas.

                                       32
<PAGE>

     Lease Operating  Expense.  Lease operating  expense ("LOE")  decreased from
$9.3 million in 2001 to $7.9  million in 2002.  LOE on a per Mcfe basis for 2002
was $1.08 per Mcfe as  compared to $0.90 per Mcfe in 2001.  The  increase in the
per Mcfe cost is due to a decline in  production  volumes.  The  increase in LOE
from  continuing  operations  is  due to  additional  operations  personnel  and
increased gas lift cost.

     G&A Expense.  General and administrative ("G&A") expense increased slightly
from  $4.9  million  in 2001 to $5.1  million  in 2002.  This  increase  was due
primarily to increased legal expenses related to ongoing litigation in 2002. Our
G&A expense on a per Mcfe basis  increased  from $0.48 in 2001 to $0.69 in 2002.
The increase in the per Mcfe cost was due primarily to lower production  volumes
in 2002 as compared to 2001.

     G&A -  Stock-based  Compensation  Expense.  Effective  July  1,  2000,  the
Financial  Accounting  Standards Board ("FASB")  issued FIN 44,  "Accounting for
Certain  Transactions  Involving  Stock  Compensation",   an  interpretation  of
Accounting  Principles  Board Opinion No. ("APB") 25. Under the  interpretation,
certain modifications to fixed stock option awards which were made subsequent to
December 15, 1998,  and not  exercised  prior to July 1, 2000,  require that the
awards be subject to variable accounting until they are exercised, forfeited, or
expired.  In March 1999,  we amended the exercise  price to $2.06 on all options
with an existing  exercise  price greater than $2.06.  We charged  approximately
$2.8 million to stock-based  compensation  expense in 2000 compared to crediting
approximately  $2.8  million in 2001.  This was due to the decline in the market
price of our Common stock during 2001.  During 2002,  we did not  recognize  any
stock-based compensation due to the decline in the price of our common stock.

     DD&A Expense.  Depreciation,  depletion and  amortization  ("DD&A") expense
decreased by $2.7  million  from $12.3  million in 2001 to $9.6 million in 2002.
The decline in DD&A is due to  reductions in our full cost pool  resulting  from
ceiling test  write-downs in prior years, as well as lower  production  volumes.
Our DD&A  expense on a per Mcfe basis for 2002 was $1.32 per Mcfe as compared to
$1.20 per Mcfe in 2001.

     Interest Expense. Interest expense increased slightly from $23.9 million to
$24.7  million  for 2002  compared  to 2001.  The  increase  was the  result  of
additional  sales pursuant to our  production  payment  arrangement  with Mirant
Americas.  The production  payment was reacquired in June 2002 for approximately
$6.8 million.

     Ceiling  Limitation  Write-down.  We record the carrying value of our crude
oil and natural gas  properties  using the full cost method of  accounting.  For
more  information  on the full cost  method of  accounting,  you should read the
description under "Critical Accounting Policies-- Full Cost Method of Accounting
for  Crude Oil and  Natural  Gas  Activities".  As of  December  31,  2001,  the
Company's net capitalized costs of crude oil and natural gas properties exceeded
the present  value of its  estimated  proved  reserves by $71.3  million  ($38.9
million on the U.S. properties and $32.4 million on the discontinued  operations
Canadian  properties).  These amounts were calculated  considering 2001 year-end
prices of $19.84  per Bbl for  crude  oil and $2.57 per Mcf for  natural  gas as
adjusted  to  reflect  the  expected  realized  prices for each of the full cost
pools. The Company did not adjust its capitalized costs for its U.S.  properties
because  subsequent  to  December  31,  2001,  crude oil and  natural gas prices
increased such that capitalized costs for its U.S. properties did not exceed the
present value of the estimated proved crude oil and natural gas reserves for its
U.S.  properties as determined using increased realized prices on March 22, 2002
of $24.16 per Bbl for crude oil and $2.89 per Mcf for natural gas

     At June 30, 2002,  our net  capitalized  costs of crude oil and natural gas
properties exceeded the present value of our estimated proved reserves by $138.7
million ($28.2 million on the U.S. properties and $110.5 million on the Canadian
properties).  These amounts were calculated  considering June 30, 2002 prices of
$26.12 per Bbl for crude oil and $2.16 per Mcf for  natural  gas as  adjusted to
reflect the expected realized prices for each of the full cost pools. Subsequent
to June 30, 2002,  commodity  prices  increased in Canada and we utilized  these
increased  prices  in  calculating  the  ceiling  limitation   write-down.   The
write-down for our discontinued  Canadian operations was $83.1 million and $32.9
million relating to continuing operations at June 30, 2002. The total write-down
was approximately  $116.0 million. At December 31, 2002 our net capitalized cost
of crude oil and natural gas  properties did not exceed the present value of our
estimated reserves,  due to increased commodity prices during the fourth quarter
and, as such, no further  write-down was recorded.  We cannot assure you that we
will not experience additional ceiling limitation write-downs in the future.


                                       33
<PAGE>

     The risk that we will be required to write-down  the carrying  value of our
crude oil and natural gas assets increases when crude oil and natural gas prices
are  depressed  or  volatile.  In  addition,  write-downs  may  occur if we have
substantial downward revisions in our estimated proved reserves or if purchasers
or  governmental  action cause an abrogation  of, or if we  voluntarily  cancel,
long-term  contracts  for our natural gas. We cannot assure you that we will not
experience additional  write-downs in the future. If commodity prices decline or
if any of our proved resources are revised downward, a further write-down of the
carrying value of our crude oil and natural gas properties may be required.  See
Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

     Income taxes.  Income tax expense decreased from an expense of $505,000 for
the year ended  December 31, 2001 to zero for the year ended  December 31, 2002.
The  decrease  was  primarily  due to the tax benefit  relating to the  retained
Canadian properties.

Discontinued Operations:

     Loss from discontinued operations increased to $57.7 million in 2002 from a
loss of $3.8  million  for the year  ended  2001.  The  primary  reason  for the
increased  loss was an  impairment  charge of $83.1  million in 2002  related to
discontinued Canadian operations. The impairment charge was offset by a deferred
tax benefit of $29.7 million. Discontinued operations also experienced increased
interest expense and general and  administrative  expense in 2002 as compared to
2001.  Interest  expense relating to discontinued  operations  increased to $9.5
million in 2002  compared  to $7.6  million in 2001.  The  increase  in interest
expense  was due to  higher  debt  levels in 2002  related  to the Old Grey Wolf
credit facility with Mirant Canada.

Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2001 to Year Ended December 31, 2000:

Continuing Operations :

     Operating  Revenue.  During the year ended  December  31,  2001,  operating
revenue from crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids sales, applicable to
continuing  operations  increased by $2.8 million from $32.1  million in 2000 to
$34.9 million in 2001.  This increase was primarily  attributable to an increase
in commodity prices offset by a decline in production volumes.  Increased prices
contributed $7.1 million in additional revenue, which was offset by $4.3 million
due to a decrease in production  volumes.  The decline in production  was due to
the disposition of certain properties and natural field declines.

     Natural gas liquids volumes declined from 132.0 MBbls in 2000 to 51.3 MBbls
in 2001.  Crude oil sales  volumes  declined  from 406.8  MBbls in 2000 to 364.6
MBbls during 2001.  Natural gas sales volumes  decreased from 8.4 Bcf in 2000 to
7.8 Bcf in 2001. Production declines were primarily attributable to our property
disposition and natural field declines.  During 2001 we sold properties that had
contributed 49.8 MBbls of crude oil, 22.3MBbls of NGLs and 661.5 MMcf of natural
gas during 2001 through the date of disposition.  These  properties  contributed
24.4 Mbbls of crude oil and  natural  gas  liquids and 425.3 MMcf of natural gas
during the year ended December 2000.

     Average sales prices in 2001 net of hedging losses were:

         o     $ 25.07  per Bbl of crude oil,
         o     $ 15.61  per Bbl of natural gas liquids, and
         o     $  3.19  per Mcf of natural gas.

    Average sales prices in 2000 net of hedging losses were:

         o     $ 14.01  per Bbl of crude oil,
         o     $ 20.53  per Bbl of natural gas liquids, and
         o     $  2.84  per Mcf of natural gas.

     Lease  Operating  Expense.  Lease  operating  expense  increased  from $7.8
million in 2000 to $9.3  million  in 2001.  LOE on a per Mcfe basis for 2001 was
$0.90 per Mcfe as  compared to $0.67 per Mcfe in 2000.  The  increase in the per
Mcfe cost is due to a decline in production volumes.

                                       34
<PAGE>

     G&A Expense. General and administrative expense increased from $4.8 million
in 2000 to $4.9 million in 2001.  Our G&A expense on a per Mcfe basis  increased
from $0.42 in 2000 to $0.48 in 2001.  The  increase in the per Mcfe cost was due
primarily to lower production volumes in 2001 as compared to 2000.

     G&A -  Stock-based  Compensation  Expense.  Effective  July  1,  2000,  the
Financial  Accounting  Standards Board ("FASB")  issued FIN 44,  "Accounting for
Certain  Transactions  Involving  Stock  Compensation",   an  interpretation  of
Accounting  Principles  Board Opinion No. ("APB") 25. Under the  interpretation,
certain modifications to fixed stock option awards which were made subsequent to
December 15, 1998,  and not  exercised  prior to July 1, 2000,  require that the
awards be subject to variable accounting until they are exercised, forfeited, or
expired.  In March 1999,  we amended the exercise  price to $2.06 on all options
with an existing  exercise  price greater than $2.06.  We charged  approximately
$2.8 million to stock-based  compensation  expense in 2000 compared to crediting
approximately  $2.8  million in 2001.  This was due to the decline in the market
price of our common stock during 2001.

     DD&A Expense. Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense was constant
at $12.3 million in 2001 and 2000. Our DD&A expense on a per Mcfe basis for 2001
was $1.20 per Mcfe as compared to $1.06 per Mcfe in 2000. The decline in DD&A is
due to reductions in our full cost pool resulting from ceiling test  write-downs
in prior years, as well as lower production volumes.

     Interest  Expense.  Interest  expense  increased by $1.1 million from $22.8
million to $23.9 million for 2001 compared to 2000. This increase  resulted from
an increase in debt levels  during 2001  compared to 2000.  The  increase in our
debt level was the result of additional sales pursuant to our production payment
arrangement with Mirant Americas.

     Ceiling  Limitation  Write-down.  We record the carrying value of our crude
oil and natural gas  properties  using the full cost  method of  accounting  for
crude oil and natural gas properties. As of December 31, 2001, the Company's net
capitalized  costs of crude oil and natural gas properties  exceeded the present
value of its  estimated  proved  reserves by $38.9  million on U.S.  properties.
These amounts were calculated considering 2001 year-end prices of $19.84 per Bbl
for crude oil and $2.57 per Mcf for  natural  gas as  adjusted  to  reflect  the
expected  realized  prices for each of the full cost pools.  The Company did not
adjust its  capitalized  costs for its U.S.  properties  because  subsequent  to
December  31,  2001,  crude  oil and  natural  gas  prices  increased  such that
capitalized  costs for its U.S.  properties  did not exceed the present value of
the estimated proved crude oil and natural gas reserves for its U.S.  properties
as determined  using  increased  realized prices on March 22, 2002 of $24.16 per
Bbl for crude oil and $2.89 per Mcf for natural gas.


     Income taxes.  Income tax expense  decreased from $3.4 million for the year
ended December 31, 2000 to $505,000 for the year ended December 31, 2001. Income
taxes for the year ended December 31, 2000 related to deferred taxes on the sale
of the Wamsutter partnership.

     Other. In March 2000,  Abraxas Wamsutter L.P.  ("Partnership")  sold all of
its interest in its crude oil and natural gas properties to a third party. Prior
to the sale of these properties, effective January 1, 2000, the Company's equity
investee share of crude oil and natural gas property cost, results of operations
and  amortization  were not  material to  consolidated  operations  or financial
position.  As a result of the  sale,  the  Company  received  approximately  $34
million,  which represented a proportional  interest in the Partnership's proved
properties.

     In June 2000,  we retired $3.5 million of the Old Notes and $3.6 million of
the Second Lien Notes at a discount of $1.8 million.

Discontinued Operations:

     Our loss from discontinued  operations  increased slightly in 2001 compared
to 2000. Loss from discontinued  operations for the year ended December 31, 2001
was $3.7 million compared to a loss of $3.3 million in 2000.

                                       35
<PAGE>

Liquidity and Capital Resources  - Continuing Operations

     General.  The  crude  oil and  natural  gas  industry  is a highly  capital
intensive and cyclical business. Our capital requirements are driven principally
by our  obligations  to  service  debt and to fund the  following  costs:

         o    the  development of existing  properties,  including  drilling and
              completion costs of wells;

         o    acquisition of interests in crude oil and natural gas  properties;
              and

         o    production and transportation facilities.

     The amount of capital  available  to us will  affect our ability to service
our existing debt  obligations and to continue to grow the business  through the
development of existing properties and the acquisition of new properties.

     Our  sources of capital are  primarily  cash on hand,  cash from  operating
activities,  funding  under the new  revolving  credit  facility and the sale of
properties.  Our overall  liquidity  depends heavily on the prevailing prices of
crude oil and  natural gas and our  production  volumes of crude oil and natural
gas. Significant  downturns in commodity prices, such as that experienced in the
last nine months of 2001 and the first quarter of 2002, can reduce our cash from
operating  activities.  Although we have hedged a portion of our natural gas and
crude oil production and will continue this practice as required pursuant to the
new senior  secured  credit  agreement,  future  crude oil and natural gas price
declines  would have a  material  adverse  effect on our  overall  results,  and
therefore,  our  liquidity.  Low crude oil and  natural  gas  prices  could also
negatively affect our ability to raise capital on terms favorable to us.

     If the volume of crude oil and natural gas we produce  decreases,  our cash
flow from  operations  will  decrease.  Our  production  volumes will decline as
reserves are  produced.  In  addition,  due to sales of  properties  in 2002 and
January 2003, we now have significantly  reduced reserves and production levels.
In the future we may sell additional properties,  which could further reduce our
production  volumes.  To offset the loss in production  volumes  resulting  from
natural  field  declines  and sales of  producing  properties,  we must  conduct
successful  exploration,   exploitation  and  development  activities,   acquire
additional  producing  properties or identify  additional  behind-pipe  zones or
secondary  recovery  reserves.  While we have had some success in pursuing these
activities,  historically, we have not been able to fully replace the production
volumes lost from natural field declines and property sales.

     Working  Capital.   At  December  31,  2002  our  current   liabilities  of
approximately  $132.2  million  exceeded  our current  assets of $82.2  million.
However , as a result of the financial  restructuring  completed in January 2003
our current  liabilities  were  reduced by $125.2  million to $7.0 million as of
January 23, 2003, which includes trade payables of $4.1 million and $1.6 million
of revenues due third  parties.  After giving effect to the scheduled  principal
reductions   required  during  2003  we  will  have  cash  interest  expense  of
approximately $4.0 million. This cash interest relates to the new senior secured
credit  agreement.  We do not expect to make cash interest payments with respect
to the outstanding  New Notes,  and the issuance of additional New Notes in lieu
of cash interest payments thereon will not affect our working capital balance.

     Capital  Expenditures.  Capital  expenditures  in 2000,  2001 and 2002 were
$39.8 million,  $19.1 million and $15.9 million,  respectively.  The table below
sets  forth  the  components  of  these  capital   expenditures  for  continuing
operations for the three years ended December 31, 2000, 2001 and 2002.

                                       36
<PAGE>

                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                 -------------------------------------------
                                     2002              2001               2000
                                     ----              ----               ----
                                               (dollars in thousands)
Expenditure category:
      Development                $   15,770       $    18,867        $  39,631
      Facilities and other              126               259              136
                                 -----------      ------------      -----------
      Total                      $   15,896       $   19,126         $  39,767
                                 ===========      ============      ===========

     During 2000,  2001 and 2002,  capital  expenditures  were primarily for the
development  of existing  properties.  For 2003,  our capital  expenditures  are
subject to limitations imposed under the new senior secured credit agreement and
New Notes , including a maximum annual capital expenditure budget of $15 million
for 2003,  and  subject  to  reduction  in the event of a  reduction  in our net
assets.  We currently  expect to have a capital  expenditure  budget of up to $8
million for the first quarter of 2003.  Our capital  expenditures  could include
expenditures  for  acquisition  of producing  properties  if such  opportunities
arise,  but we  currently  have  no  agreements,  arrangements  or  undertakings
regarding  any  material  acquisitions.  We have no material  long-term  capital
commitments and are consequently able to adjust the level of our expenditures as
circumstances dictate. Additionally, the level of capital expenditures will vary
during future periods  depending on market conditions and other related economic
factors.  Should the prices of crude oil and natural gas  decline  from  current
levels,  our cash flows will  decrease  which may result in a  reduction  of the
capital  expenditures budget. If we decrease our capital expenditures budget, we
may not be able to offset crude oil and natural gas production volumes decreases
caused by natural field declines and sales of producing properties.

     Sources of Capital.  The net funds for  continuing  operations  provided by
and/or used in each of the  operating,  investing and financing  activities  are
summarized in the following table and discussed in further detail below:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         2002       2001       2000
                                                         ----       ----       ----
                                                                (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                   <C>         <C>         <C>
Net cash provided by operating activities .........   $  1,721    $ 11,810    $  1,050
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities     (6,171)    (12,128)        257
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities     (9,692)      2,390      (3,634)
                                                      --------    ---------   ---------
Total .............................................   $(14,142)   $  2,072    $ (2,327)
                                                      ========    =========   =========
</TABLE>


     Operating  activities for the year ended December 31, 2002, from continuing
operations  provided us $1.7 million of cash.  Investing  activities  related to
continuing  operations  used $6.2 million during 2002. Our investing  activities
included the sale of properties  which  provided  $9.7  million,  and the use of
$15.6 million primarily for the development of producing  properties.  Financing
activities used $9.7 million during 2002,  relating  primarily to the repurchase
of a production payment.

     Operating  activities for the year ended December 31, 2001, from continuing
operations,  provided us $11.8 million of cash.  Investing activities used $12.1
million  during 2001  primarily  for the  development  of producing  properties.
Financing activities provided $2.4 million during 2001.

     Future Capital Resources.  We will have four principal sources of liquidity
going  forward:  (i) cash on hand,  (ii) cash from operating  activities,  (iii)
funding  under  the  revolving  credit  facility,  and (iv)  sales of  producing
properties. However, covenants under the indenture for the outstanding New Notes
and the new senior  secured credit  agreement  restrict our use of cash on hand,
cash from operating activities and any proceeds from asset sales. We may attempt
to raise  additional  capital  through the issuance of additional debt or equity
securities,  though  the  terms of the new  note  indenture  and the new  senior
secured credit agreement substantially restrict our ability to:

                                       37
<PAGE>

         o    incur additional indebtedness;

         o    incur liens;

         o    pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments;

         o    consummate certain asset sales;

         o    enter into certain transactions with affiliates;

         o    merge or consolidate with any other person; or

         o    sell, assign, transfer,  lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all
              or substantially all of our assets.

     Our best  opportunity for additional  sources of liquidity and capital will
be through the  issuance of equity  securities  or through  the  disposition  of
assets.

         Contractual Obligations

     We are  committed  to making cash  payments in the future on the  following
types of agreements:

     o   Long-term debt
     o   Operating leases for office facilities

     We have no off-balance sheet debt or unrecorded obligations and we have not
guaranteed  the debt of any  other  party.  Below is a  schedule  of the  future
payments  that we are  obligated  to make  based  on  agreements  in place as of
December 31, 2002.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                Payments due in:
Contractual Obligations
(dollars in thousands)
----------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 Total          2003           2004          2005          2006           2007
----------------------------- ------------- -------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- ---------------
<S>            <C>              <C>          <C>            <C>                                         <C>
Long-Term Debt (1)(2)           $300,443     $  63,500      $ 190,979            --            --       $45,964
Operating Leases (3)                $985          $336           $236          $236          $177            --
</TABLE>


(1)  Includes  balances  of Old Grey  Wolf  facility  which is  reported  within
     liabilities  related  to  assets  held for sale in the  December  31,  2002
     balance sheet..

(2)  After the transactions  described in Item 1 - "Recent Events",  the amounts
     would be $0 in each of the three years 2003, 2004 and 2005, $47,996 in 2006
     and $184,000 for 2007.  These amounts  represent  the balances  outstanding
     under the term loan  facility,  the revolving  credit  facility and the New
     Notes.  These repayments assume that interest will be capitalized under the
     term loan  facility and that  periodic  interest on the new senior  secured
     credit  agreement will be paid on a monthly basis and that we will not draw
     down additional funds thereunder.

(3)  Office lease obligations.  Leases for office space for Abraxas and New Grey
     Wolf expire in April 2006 and April 2003, respectively.

     Other  obligations.  We make and will continue to make substantial  capital
expenditures for the  acquisition,  exploitation,  development,  exploration and
production  of crude oil and  natural  gas.  In the  past,  we have  funded  our
operations and capital expenditures primarily through cash flow from operations,
sales of properties,  sales of production payments and borrowings under our bank
credit facilities and other sources. Given our high degree of operating control,
the timing and  incurrence  of  operating  and capital  expenditures  is largely
within our discretion.

     Long-Term  Indebtedness.  The recently  completed  financial  restructuring
resulted in the  retirement  of our first lien notes,  second lien notes and old
notes, together with the Old Grey Wolf credit facility. As of March 5, 2003, our
long-term  indebtedness  consists of the senior  credit  facility  and the notes
issued in connection with the financial restructuring.  The following table sets
forth  our  long-term  indebtedness  as  of  December  31,  2002,  and  proforma
information reflecting the consummation of the restructuring transactions.

                                       38
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                             Long Term Indebtedness
                                                                                                   Pro forma
                                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                                                    2002 (a)
                                                                                                     After
                                                                           December 31           Restructuring
                                                                ------------------------------------------------
                                                                      2001            2002
                                                                --------------- ---------------- ---------------
                                                                                (In thousands)

<S>                                                             <C>             <C>              <C>
  12 7/8% Senior Secured Notes due 2003 (first lien notes)..... $       63,500  $      63,500    $          -
  11 1/2% Senior Secured Notes due 2004 (second lien notes)....        190,178       190,178               -
  11 1/2% Senior Notes due 2004 (old lien notes)...............            801           801               -
  Production Payment  .........................................          8,176             -               -
  11 1/2% Secured Notes due 2007(New Notes)....................              -             -         128,600
  New Senior secured credit agreement..........................              -             -          46,700
                                                                --------------- --------------- ------------------
                                                                       262,655       254,479         175,300
  Less current maturities .....................................            415        63,500               -
                                                                --------------- --------------- ------------------
                                                                 $     262,240  $     190,979     $   175,300
                                                                =============== =============== ==================
</TABLE>

(a)  After  the  transactions  described  in Note  3,  for  financial  reporting
purposes,  the New Notes will be reflected  at the carrying  value of the Second
Lien Notes and Old Notes  prior to the  exchange of $191.0  million,  net of the
cash offered in the  exchange of $47.5  million and net of the fair market value
related to equity of $3.8 million offered in the exchange.  In conjunction  with
the  financial  restructuring  transaction,  Abraxas paid cash of $11.5  million
($11.1 in  principal  and $0.4  million in  interest)  to redeem  certain of the
outstanding old debt and accrued interest. The result of all of these items will
be a  remaining  carrying  value of the New  Notes of $128.6  million.  The face
amount of the New Notes is $109.7  million.  See Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements in Item 8 for terms and conditions of the New Notes and the
New Senior Secured Credit Agreement.

     New  Notes - 11 1/2%  Secured  Notes.  In  connection  with  the  financial
restructuring,  Abraxas issued $109.7 million in principal amount of our 11 1/2%
Secured Notes due 2007,  Series A, in exchange for the second lien notes and old
notes  tendered  in the  exchange  offer.  The New Notes  were  issued  under an
indenture with U.S. Bank, N. A senior secured credit agreement

     The New Notes accrue interest from the date of issuance,  at a fixed annual
rate of 11 1/2%,  payable in cash  semi-annually  on each May 1 and  November 1,
commencing May 1, 2003, provided that, if we fail, or are not permitted pursuant
to our new  senior  secured  credit  agreement  or the  intercreditor  agreement
between the trustee  under the indenture for the New Notes and the lenders under
the new senior secured credit agreement,  to make such cash interest payments in
full, we will pay such unpaid interest in kind by the issuance of additional New
Notes with a  principal  amount  equal to the amount of accrued  and unpaid cash
interest  on the New  Notes  plus an  additional  1%  accrued  interest  for the
applicable period. Upon an event of default, the New Notes accrue interest at an
annual rate of 16.5%.

     The New Notes are  secured by a second lien or charge on all of our current
and  future  assets,  including,  but not  limited  to, all of our crude oil and
natural gas properties. All of Abraxas' current subsidiaries,  Sandia Oil & Gas,
Sandia Operating (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sandia Oil & Gas), Wamsutter, New
Grey Wolf,  Western  Associated  Energy and Eastside Coal, are guarantors of the
New Notes, and all of Abraxas' future subsidiaries will guarantee the New Notes.
If  Abraxas  cannot  make  payments  on the New  Notes  when  they are due,  the
guarantors must make them instead.

         The New Notes and related guarantees

              o  are  subordinated  to the  indebtedness  under  the new  senior
                 secured credit agreement;

              o  rank  equally  with all of Abraxas'  current and future  senior
                 indebtedness; and

                                       39
<PAGE>

              o  rank senior to all of Abraxas' current and future  subordinated
                 indebtedness, in each case, if any.

     The New Notes are subordinated to amounts  outstanding under the new senior
secured  credit  agreement  both in right of  payment  and with  respect to lien
priority and are subject to an intercreditor agreement.

     Abraxas may redeem the New Notes, at its option, in whole at any time or in
part from time to time, at redemption  prices  expressed as  percentages  of the
principal  amount set forth below.  If Abraxas  redeems all or any New Notes, it
must also pay all interest accrued and unpaid to the applicable redemption date.
The redemption prices for the New Notes during the indicated time periods are as
follows:

Period                                                      Percentage

From January 24, 2003 to June 23, 2003.......................80.0429%
From June 24, 2003 to January 23, 2004.......................91.4592%
From January 24, 2004 to June 23, 2004.......................97.1674%
From June 24, 2004 to January 23, 2005.......................98.5837%
Thereafter..................................................100.0000%


     Under the indenture,  we are subject to customary  covenants  which,  among
other things, restricts our ability to:

              o  borrow money or issue preferred stock;

              o  pay dividends on stock or purchase stock;

              o  make other asset transfers;

              o  transact business with affiliates;

              o  sell stock of subsidiaries;

              o  engage in any new line of business;

              o  impair the security interest in any collateral for the notes;

              o  use assets as security in other transactions; and

              o  sell certain assets or merge with or into other companies.

     In  addition,  we are  subject to  certain  financial  covenants  including
covenants limiting our selling,  general and administrative expenses and capital
expenditures,  a covenant  requiring  Abraxas to maintain a  specified  ratio of
consolidated  EBITDA,  as  defined in the  agreements,  to cash  interest  and a
covenant  requiring Abraxas to permanently,  to the extent  permitted,  pay down
debt under the new senior secured credit  agreement and, to the extent permitted
by the new senior secured credit agreement,  the New Notes or, if not permitted,
paying indebtedness under the new senior secured credit agreement.

     The indenture contains customary events of default, including nonpayment of
principal or interest, violations of covenants, inaccuracy of representations or
warranties  in any material  respect,  cross default and cross  acceleration  to
certain other  indebtedness,  bankruptcy,  material  judgments and  liabilities,
change of control and any material adverse change in our financial condition.

     New Senior  Secured  Credit  Agreement.  In  connection  with the financial
restructuring,  Abraxas  entered  into a new  senior  secured  credit  agreement
providing a term loan  facility  and a revolving  credit  facility as  described
below.  Subject to earlier termination on the occurrence of events of default or
other events,  the stated  maturity date for both the term loan facility and the
revolving  credit  facility  is  January  22,  2006.  In the  event  of an early
termination,  we will be required  to pay a  prepayment  premium,  except in the
limited  circumstances  described in the new senior  secured  credit  agreement.
Outstanding  amounts  under  both  facilities  bear  interest  at the prime rate
announced by Wells Fargo Bank,  N.A. plus 4.5%. Any amounts in default under the


                                       40
<PAGE>

term loan facility will accrue interest at an additional 4%. At no time will the
amounts  outstanding under the new senior secured credit agreement bear interest
at a rate less than 9%.

     Term Loan  Facility.  Abraxas has borrowed $4.2 million  pursuant to a term
loan  facility at January 23, 2003,  all of which was used to make cash payments
in connection with the financial restructuring.  Accrued interest under the term
loan facility will be capitalized and added to the principal  amount of the term
loan facility until maturity.

     Revolving  Credit  Facility.  Lenders under the new senior  secured  credit
agreement  have provided a revolving  credit  facility to Abraxas with a maximum
borrowing  base of up to $50  million.  Our  current  borrowing  base  under the
revolving  credit  facility is $49.9 million,  subject to  adjustments  based on
periodic  calculations and mandatory prepayments under the senior secured credit
agreement.  Portions of accrued interest under the revolving credit facility may
be  capitalized  and  added to the  principal  amount  of the  revolving  credit
facility.  At  January  23,  2003,  we have  borrowed  $42.5  million  under the
revolving  credit  facility,  all of which  was used to make  cash  payments  in
connection  with  the  financial  restructuring.  We plan  to use the  remaining
borrowing availability under the new senior secured credit agreement to fund our
operations, including capital expenditures.

     Covenants.  Under the new  senior  secured  credit  agreement,  Abraxas  is
subject to customary  covenants and reporting  requirements.  Certain  financial
covenants require Abraxas to maintain minimum levels of consolidated  EBITDA (as
defined  in  the  new  senior  secured  credit  agreement),  minimum  ratios  of
consolidated  EBITDA to cash interest expense and a limitation on annual capital
expenditures.  In addition,  at the end of each fiscal quarter, if the aggregate
amount of our cash and cash equivalents exceeds $2.0 million, we are required to
repay the loans under the new senior secured credit agreement in an amount equal
to such excess.  The new senior  secured  credit  agreement  also requires us to
enter  into  hedging  agreements  on not less  than 25% or more  than 75% of our
projected  oil and gas  production.  We are also  required to establish  deposit
accounts at financial institutions acceptable to the lenders and we are required
to direct our customers to make all payments into these accounts. The amounts in
these accounts will be transferred to the lenders upon the occurrence and during
the  continuance  of an event of  default  under the new senior  secured  credit
agreement.

     In addition to the foregoing and other customary covenants,  the new senior
secured  credit  agreement  contains a number of  covenants  that,  among  other
things, restrict our ability to:

              o  incur additional indebtedness;

              o  create  or  permit  to be  created  any  liens  on  any  of our
                 properties;

              o  enter into any change of control transactions;

              o  dispose of our assets;

              o  change our name or the nature of our business;

              o  make any  guarantees  with respect to the  obligations of third
                 parties;

              o  enter into any forward sales contracts;

              o  make any payments in connection with  distributions,  dividends
                 or redemptions relating to our outstanding securities, or

              o  make investments or incur liabilities.

     Guarantees.  The obligations of Abraxas under the new senior secured credit
agreement are guaranteed by Sandia Oil & Gas, Sandia Operating,  Wamsutter,  New
Grey Wolf,  Western  Associated Energy and Eastside Coal.  Obligations under the
new senior  secured  credit  agreement  are  secured  by a first  lien  security
interest in substantially all of Abraxas' and the guarantors' assets,  including
all crude oil and natural gas properties.

                                       41
<PAGE>

     Events of Default. The new senior credit facility contains customary events
of default,  including  nonpayment  of  principal  or  interest,  violations  of
covenants,  inaccuracy of representations or warranties in any material respect,
cross default and cross acceleration to certain other indebtedness,  bankruptcy,
material  judgments and liabilities,  change of control and any material adverse
change in our financial condition.

Hedging Activities

     Our results of operations are  significantly  affected by  fluctuations  in
commodity  prices  and we seek to reduce our  exposure  to price  volatility  by
hedging our production  through swaps,  options and other  commodity  derivative
instruments.  Under the new senior  secured  credit  agreement,  we are required
maintain hedge  positions on not less than 25% or more than 75% of our projected
oil and gas production for a six month rolling  period.  On January 23, 2003, we
entered into a collar option  agreement  with respect to 5,000 MMBtu per day, or
approximately  25% of our  production,  at a call price of $6.25 per MMBtu and a
put price of $4.00 per MMBtu,  for the calendar months of February  through July
2003.  In February  2003,  we entered into a second hedge  agreement  related to
5,000 MMBtu for the calendar  months of March 2003 through  February  2004 which
provides for a floor price of $4.50 per MMBtu.  See "Item  7A--Quantitative  and
Qualitative  Disclosures  about Market  Risk--Hedging  Sensitivity"  for further
information.

Net Operating Loss Carryforwards

     At December 31, 2002 the Company had,  subject to the limitation  discussed
below, $167.1 million of net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. tax purposes.
These loss carryforwards will expire from 2003 through 2022 if not utilized.  At
December 31, 2002, the Company had  approximately  $1.0 million of net operating
loss  carryforwards for Canadian tax purposes.  These  carryforwards will expire
from  2003  through  2009 if not  utilized.  In  connection  with  January  2003
transactions described in Note 3, in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,
Item 8, certain of the loss carryforwards may be utilized.

     As a result of the acquisition of certain  partnership  interests and crude
oil and natural gas  properties  in 1990 and 1991,  an  ownership  change  under
Section 382 occurred in December 1991. Accordingly,  it is expected that the use
of the U.S. net operating  loss  carryforwards  generated  prior to December 31,
1991 of $3,203,000 will be limited to approximately $235,000 per year.

     During 1992, the Company  acquired 100% of the common stock of an unrelated
corporation.  The  use of  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  of the  acquired
corporation of $257,000 acquired in the acquisition are limited to approximately
$115,000 per year.

     As a result of the  issuance  of  additional  shares  of  common  stock for
acquisitions  and sales of common stock,  an additional  ownership  change under
Section 382 occurred in October 1993.  Accordingly,  it is expected that the use
of all U.S. net operating  loss  carryforwards  generated  through  October 1993
(including those subject to the 1991 and 1992 ownership changes discussed above)
of $6,590,000 will be limited as described above and in the following paragraph.

     An ownership change under Section 382 occurred in December 1999,  following
the issuance of additional  shares,  as described in Note 7. It is expected that
the annual use of U.S. net operating loss carryforwards  subject to this Section
382 limitation will be limited to approximately  $363,000,  subject to the lower
limitations  described above.  Future changes in ownership may further limit the
use of the  Company's  carryforwards.  In 2000 assets with  built-in  gains were
sold,   increasing  the  Section  382  limitation  for  2001  by   approximately
$31,000,000.

     The annual Section 382 limitation may be increased during any year,  within
5 years of a change in ownership,  in which  built-in  gains that existed on the
date of the change in ownership are recognized.

     In addition to the Section 382 limitations,  uncertainties  exist as to the
future  utilization of the operating loss  carryforwards  under the criteria set
forth under FASB  Statement No. 109.  Therefore,  the Company has  established a
valuation  allowance of $39.7  million and $99.1 million for deferred tax assets
at December 31, 2001 and 2002, respectively, related to continuing operations.

                                       42
<PAGE>

Critical Accounting Policies

     The  preparation  of financial  statements  in  conformity  with  generally
accepted  accounting   principles  requires  that  management  apply  accounting
policies and make  estimates and  assumptions  that affect results of operations
and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial  statements.
The  following   represents   those  policies  that   management   believes  are
particularly  important to the financial  statements and that require the use of
estimates and assumptions to describe matters that are inherently uncertain.

     Full Cost Method of Accounting for Crude Oil and Natural Gas Activities.SEC
Regulation  S-X defines the financial  accounting  and  reporting  standards for
companies  engaged in crude oil and  natural  gas  activities.  Two  methods are
prescribed:  the successful efforts method and the full cost method. Abraxas has
chosen to follow the full cost  method  under  which all costs  associated  with
property  acquisition,  exploration  and development  are  capitalized.  We also
capitalize  internal costs that can be directly identified with our acquisition,
exploration and  development  activities and do not include any costs related to
production,   general  corporate  overhead  or  similar  activities.  Under  the
successful  efforts  method,  geological  and  geophysical  costs  and  costs of
carrying  and  retaining  undeveloped  properties  are  charged  to  expense  as
incurred.  Costs of  drilling  exploratory  wells  that do not  result in proved
reserves  are  charged to expense.  Depreciation,  depletion,  amortization  and
impairment of crude oil and natural gas properties are generally calculated on a
well by well or lease  or  field  basis  versus  the  "full  cost"  pool  basis.
Additionally, gain or loss is generally recognized on all sales of crude oil and
natural gas properties  under the  successful  efforts  method.  As a result our
financial  statements  will  differ  from  companies  that apply the  successful
efforts  method since we will  generally  reflect a higher level of  capitalized
costs as well as a higher  depreciation,  depletion and amortization date on our
crude oil and natural gas properties.

     At the time it was adopted,  management  believed that the full cost method
would be  preferable,  as  earnings  tend to be less  volatile  than  under  the
successful efforts method. However, the full cost method makes us susceptible to
significant  non-cash charges during times of volatile  commodity prices because
the full cost pool may be impaired  when prices are low.  These  charges are not
recoverable  when prices return to higher  levels.  The Company has  experienced
this situation  several times over the years, most recently in 2002 with respect
to its  continuing  operations.  Our crude oil and natural gas  reserves  have a
relatively long life.  However,  temporary drops in commodity  prices can have a
material  impact on our business  including  impact from the full cost method of
accounting.

     Under full cost accounting rules, the net capitalized cost of crude oil and
natural gas properties may not exceed a "ceiling  limit" which is based upon the
present  value  of  estimated  future  net  cash  flows  from  proved  reserves,
discounted  at 10%,  plus the  lower of cost or fair  market  value of  unproved
properties.  If net  capitalized  costs of crude oil and natural gas  properties
exceed the ceiling  limit,  we must charge the amount of the excess to earnings.
This is called a "ceiling  limitation  write-down."  This charge does not impact
cash flow from operating  activities,  but does reduce our stockholders'  equity
and  reported  earnings.  The risk that we will be  required  to write  down the
carrying value of crude oil and natural gas properties  increases when crude oil
and natural gas prices are depressed or volatile.  In addition,  write-downs may
occur if we experience  substantial downward adjustments to our estimated proved
reserves  or if  purchasers  cancel  long-term  contracts  for our  natural  gas
production.  An  expense  recorded  in  one  period  may  not be  reversed  in a
subsequent  period even though  higher crude oil and natural gas prices may have
increased the ceiling applicable to the subsequent period.

     For the year ended  December  31, 2002,  we recorded a write-down  of $32.9
million,  related to our continuing proved reserves.  The write-down in 2002 was
due to low commodity  prices.  We cannot assure you that we will not  experience
additional write-downs in the future. Should commodity prices decline, a further
write-down of the carrying value of our crude oil and natural gas properties may
be required.

     Estimates  of our proved  reserves  included in this report are prepared in
accordance with GAAP and SEC guidelines. The accuracy of a reserve estimate is a
function of:

         o    the quality and quantity of available data;

                                       43
<PAGE>

         o    the interpretation of that data;

         o    the accuracy of various mandated economic assumptions;

         o    and the judgment of the persons preparing the estimate.

     The Company's proved reserve information  included in this Report was based
on evaluations prepared by independent  petroleum engineers.  Estimates prepared
by other  third  parties  may be higher or lower  than  those  included  herein.
Because  these  estimates  depend  on  many   assumptions,   all  of  which  may
substantially  differ from future  actual  results,  reserve  estimates  will be
different from the quantities of oil and gas that are ultimately  recovered.  In
addition,  results of  drilling,  testing  and  production  after the date of an
estimate may justify material revisions to the estimate.

     You should not assume  that the  present  value of future net cash flows is
the current market value of our estimated  proved  reserves.  In accordance with
SEC  requirements,  the Company based the estimated  discounted  future net cash
flows from  proved  reserves  on prices  and costs on the date of the  estimate.
Actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower than the prices
and costs as of the date of the estimate.

     The estimates of proved  reserves  materially  impact DD&A expense.  If the
estimates of proved reserves decline, the rate at which the Company records DD&A
expense will  increase,  reducing  future net income.  Such a decline may result
from lower market prices,  which may make it uneconomic to drill for and produce
higher cost fields.

     Hedge Accounting. From time to time, we use commodity price hedges to limit
our  exposure to  fluctuations  in crude oil and natural gas prices.  Results of
those hedging transactions are reflected in crude oil and natural gas sales.

     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards,  ("SFAS") No. 133, "Accounting
for  Derivative  Instruments  and Hedging  Activities",  was  effective  for the
Company on January 1, 2001.  SFAS 133, as amended and  interpreted,  establishes
accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments, including certain
derivative instruments embedded in other contracts,  and for hedging activities.
Under  this  statement,   all   derivatives,   whether   designated  in  hedging
relationships  or not,  are required to be recorded at fair value on our balance
sheet.  The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative  instrument
depends on the intended use of the  derivative  and the  resulting  designation,
which is  established at the inception of a derivative.  Special  accounting for
qualifying  hedges  allows a  derivative's  gains and  losses to offset  related
results of the hedged item in the  consolidated  statement  of  operations.  For
derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges, changes in fair value, to
the extent the hedge is effective,  are recognized in other comprehensive income
until the hedged item is  recognized  in earnings.  For  derivative  instruments
designated as fair value hedges,  changes in fair value, to the extent the hedge
is  effective,  are  recognized  as an  increase or decrease to the value of the
hedged item until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. Hedge effectiveness
is  measured  at least  quarterly  based on the  relative  changes in fair value
between the derivative contract and the hedged item over time. Any change in the
fair value resulting from ineffectiveness, as defined by SFAS 133, is recognized
immediately in earnings. Changes in fair value of contracts that do not meet the
SFAS 133  definition  of a cash flow or fair value hedge are also  recognized in
earnings through risk management  income. All amounts initially recorded in this
caption are ultimately  reversed within the same caption and included in oil and
gas sales or interest  expense,  as  applicable,  over the  respective  contract
terms.

     One of the  primary  factors  that can have an  impact  on our  results  of
operations is the method used to value our derivatives.  We have established the
fair value of all  derivative  instruments  using  estimates  determined  by our
counterparties  and subsequently  evaluated  internally using  established index
prices and other  sources.  These  values are based upon,  among  other  things,
futures  prices,  volatility,  time to maturity and credit  risk.  The values we
report in our  financial  statements  change as these  estimates  are revised to
reflect actual results,  changes in market conditions or other factors,  many of
which are beyond our control.

     Another factor that can impact our results of operations each period is our
ability to estimate the level of correlation  between future changes in the fair

                                       44
<PAGE>
value of the hedge  instruments and the transactions  being hedged,  both at the
inception and on an ongoing  basis.  This  correlation  is  complicated  because
energy commodity  prices,  the primary risk we hedge,  have quality and location
differences that can be difficult to hedge  effectively.  The factors underlying
our  estimates of fair value and our  assessment of  correlation  of our hedging
derivatives are impacted by actual results and changes in conditions that affect
these factors, many of which are beyond our control.

     Due to the  volatility of crude oil and natural gas prices and, to a lesser
extent, interest rates, our financial condition and results of operations can be
significantly  impacted  by  changes  in the  market  value  of  our  derivative
instruments. As of December 31, 2001 the net market value of our derivatives was
a liability of $658,000. As of December 31, 2002 we did not have any outstanding
derivatives.

New Accounting Pronouncements

     In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued SFAS
No. 141, Business Combinations, which requires the purchase method of accounting
for  business  combinations  initiated  after June 30, 2001 and  eliminates  the
pooling-of-interests  method.  In July 2001,  the FASB also issued SFAS No. 142,
Goodwill  and Other  Intangible  Assets,  which  discontinues  the  practice  of
amortizing  goodwill and  indefinite  lived  intangible  assets and initiates an
annual review for impairment.  Intangible assets with a determinable useful life
will  continue to be amortized  over that period.  The  amortization  provisions
apply to goodwill  and  intangible  assets  acquired  after June 30,  2001.  The
Company has applied these standards to its purchase of the minority  interest of
Old Grey Wolf.

     In June  2001,  the  FASB  issued  SFAS  No.  143,  "Accounting  for  Asset
Retirement  Obligations".  SFAS No. 143 addresses  accounting  and reporting for
obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets and the
associated asset retirement  costs.  SFAS No. 143 is effective for us January 1,
2003.  SFAS No. 143 requires  that the fair value of a liability  for an asset's
retirement  obligation be recorded in the period in which it is incurred and the
corresponding  cost capitalized by increasing the carrying amount of the related
long-lived  asset.  The  liability  is accreted to its then  present  value each
period,  and the  capitalized  cost is  depreciated  over the useful life of the
related asset. If the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded
amount,  a gain or loss  is  recognized.  For  all  periods  presented,  we have
included  estimated  future costs of abandonment and  dismantlement  in our full
cost  amortization base and amortize these costs as a component of our depletion
expense.

     We  have  completed  our  assessment  of SFAS  No.  143  and  based  on our
estimates,  we do not expect  the  statement  to have a  material  effect on our
financial position,  results of operations and cash flows for future periods. At
January  1,  2003 , we  estimate  that the  present  value of our  future  Asset
Retirement  Obligation  ("ARO")  for natural  gas and oil  property  and related
equipment is approximately  $657,000.  We estimate that the cumulative effect to
the adoption of SFAS No. 143 and the change in the accounting  principle will be
a loss of  $285,000,  which will be recorded in the first  quarter of 2003.  The
impact on each of the prior years was not material.

     In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment
or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, which requires a single accounting model to be
used  for  long-lived  assets  to be  sold  and  broadens  the  presentation  of
discontinued  operations  to include a "component  of an entity"  (rather than a
segment of a business).  A component of an entity comprises  operations and cash
flows  that  can be  clearly  distinguished,  operationally  and  for  financial
reporting  purposes,  from the rest of the entity. A component of an entity that
is  classified  as held for sale,  or has been  disposed  of, is  presented as a
discontinued operation if the operations and cash flows of the component will be
(or have been)  eliminated  from the  ongoing  operations  of the entity and the
entity will not have any significant continuing involvement in the operations of
the component. The Company adopted SFAS 144, consequently, the operating results
of the  Canadian  business  segment  operations,  which  were  held  for sale at
December  31,  2002  (and sold  after  year end) are  included  in  discontinued
operations. .

     In April 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 145, "Rescission of FASB No. 4, 44,
and 64, Amendments of FASB Statement No. 13 and Technical Corrections." SFAS No.
145  clarifies  guidance  related  to the  reporting  of gains and  losses  from
extinguishment  of debt and  resolves  inconsistencies  related to the  required
accounting  treatment of certain lease  modifications.  SFAS No. 145 also amends
other existing  pronouncements  to make various technical  corrections,  clarify
meanings  or  describe  their  applicability   under  changed  conditions.   The


                                       45
<PAGE>
provisions  relating to the reporting of gains and losses from extinguishment of
debt become  effective  for us beginning  January 1, 2003 with earlier  adoption
encouraged. All other provisions of this standard have been effective for the us
as of May 15,  2002  and did not  have a  significant  impact  on our  financial
condition or results of operations.

     In June  2002,  the  FASB  issued  SFAS  No.  146,  "Accounting  for  Costs
Associated  with Exit or  Disposal  Activities."  SFAS No.  146  requires  costs
associated  with exit of  disposal  activities  to be  recognized  when they are
incurred rather than at the date of commitment to an exit or disposal plan. SFAS
No.  146 is  effective  for us  beginning  January  1,  2003.  We are  currently
evaluating  the impact the standard will have on our results of  operations  and
financial condition.

     In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 148, "Accounting for Stock-based
Compensation--Transition  and  Disclosure,  an amendment of FASB  Statement  No.
123," which amends SFAS No. 123 to provide alternative methods of transition for
a voluntary  change to the fair value based method of accounting for stock-based
employee compensation.  It also amends the disclosure provisions of SFAS No. 123
to require prominent  disclosure in both annual and interim financial statements
about the method of accounting for  stock-based  employee  compensation  and the
effect of the method used on reported  results.  The  provisions of SFAS No. 148
are  effective  for annual  financial  statements  for fiscal years ending after
December 15, 2002,  and for financial  reports  containing  condensed  financial
statements for interim  periods  beginning  after December 15, 2002. The Company
will  continue to use APB No. 25 to account for stock based  compensation  while
providing the disclosures required by SFAS No. 123 as amended by SFAS No. 148.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

 Commodity Price Risk

     As an  independent  crude oil and natural gas producer,  our revenue,  cash
flow from  operations,  other  income and  equity  earnings  and  profitability,
reserve  values,  access to capital and future rate of growth are  substantially
dependent upon the prevailing  prices of crude oil,  natural gas and natural gas
liquids.  Declines in  commodity  prices will  materially  adversely  affect our
financial  condition,  liquidity,  ability  to obtain  financing  and  operating
results.  Lower commodity  prices may reduce the amount of crude oil and natural
gas that we can produce economically. Prevailing prices for such commodities are
subject to wide  fluctuation  in response to relatively  minor changes in supply
and demand and a variety  of  additional  factors  beyond our  control,  such as
global  political and economic  conditions.  Historically,  prices  received for
crude oil and natural gas production have been volatile and  unpredictable,  and
such  volatility  is expected to  continue.  Most of our  production  is sold at
market  prices.  Generally,  if the commodity  indexes  fall,  the price that we
receive for our production will also decline.  Therefore,  the amount of revenue
that we realize is partially determined by factors beyond our control.  Assuming
the production  levels we attained  during the year ended December 31, 2002 from
continuing  operations,  a 10% decline in crude oil, natural gas and natural gas
liquids  prices  would have  reduced our  operating  revenue,  cash flow and net
income by approximately $2.2 million for the year.

Hedging Sensitivity

     On  January  1,  2001,  we  adopted  SFAS 133  "Accounting  for  Derivative
Instruments  and Hedging  Activities" as amended by SFAS 137 and SFAS 138. Under
SFAS 133, all derivative  instruments  are recorded on the balance sheet at fair
value.  If the derivative  does not qualify as a hedge or is not designated as a
hedge,  the gain or loss on the derivative is recognized  currently in earnings.
To qualify for hedge  accounting,  the derivative  must qualify either as a fair
value hedge, cash flow hedge or foreign currency hedge.  Currently,  we use only
cash flow hedges and the remaining  discussion  will relate  exclusively to this
type of derivative instrument. If the derivative qualifies for hedge accounting,
the  gain  or  loss  on  the  derivative  is  deferred  in  Other  Comprehensive
Income/Loss,  a component of Stockholder's  Equity, to the extent that the hedge
is effective.

     The relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item must be
highly  effective in achieving the offset of changes in cash flows  attributable
to the  hedged  risk both at the  inception  of the  contract  and on an ongoing
basis.  Hedge accounting is discontinued  prospectively  when a hedge instrument
becomes   ineffective.   Gains  and  losses   deferred  in   accumulated   Other


                                       46
<PAGE>

Comprehensive Income/Loss related to a cash flow hedge that becomes ineffective,
remain unchanged until the related production is delivered. If we determine that
it is  probable  that a hedged  transaction  will not occur,  deferred  gains or
losses on the hedging instrument are recognized in earnings immediately.

     Gains and  losses on  hedging  instruments  related  to  accumulated  Other
Comprehensive  Income and adjustments to carrying  amounts on hedged  production
are included in natural gas or crude oil  production  revenue in the period that
the related production is delivered.

     In 2000,  2001 and 2002, we  experienced  hedging  losses of $20.2 million,
$12.1  million and $3.2  million,  respectively,  of which $14.0  million,  $6.6
million and $1.5 million respectively were applicable to continuing  operations.
In October 2002, all of these hedge agreements expired.  Under the expired hedge
agreements,  we made total payments to various  counterparties  in the amount of
$35.1 million.

     Under the terms of the new senior secured credit agreement, we are required
to maintain  hedging  positions  with respect to not less than 25% nor more than
75% of our crude oil and natural gas  production for a rolling six month period.
As of January 23,  2003,  we have entered into a collar  option  agreement  with
respect to 5,000 MMBtu per day, or  approximately  25% of our  production,  at a
call price of $6.25 per MMBtu and a put price of $4.00 per MMBtu. In February of
2003 we entered into an additional  hedge agreement for 5,000 MMBtu per day with
a floor of $4.50 per MMBtu.  As of March 5, 2003,  the fair market  value of our
hedge  positions is not  material.  For  Abraxas,  the fair value of the hedging
instrument was  determined  based on the base price of the hedged item and NYMEX
forward price quotes.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         The following table sets forth our hedging position as of March 5,
2003.

              Time Period                     Notional Quantities                   Price                Fair Value
---------------------------------------- ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ----------------
<S>                                       <C>                            <C>                              <C>
February 1, 2003--July 31, 2003           5,000 MMBtu of production      Collar with floor of $4.00       $    -
                                          per day                        and ceiling of $6.25

March 1, 2003 - February 29, 2004         5,000 MMBtu of production      Floor of $4.50                   $ 368,500
                                          per day
</TABLE>

     All hedge transactions are subject to our risk management policy, which has
been approved by the Board of Directors.  We formally document all relationships
between  hedging  instruments  and hedged items,  as well as our risk management
objectives  and  strategy  for  undertaking  the hedge.  This  process  includes
specific  identification of the hedging  instrument and the hedged  transaction,
the  nature  of  the  risk  being  hedged  and  how  the  hedging   instrument's
effectiveness  will be  assessed.  Both at the  inception of the hedge and on an
ongoing  basis,  we assess  whether  the  derivatives  that are used in  hedging
transactions are highly effective in offsetting  changes in cash flows of hedged
items.

Interest rate risk

     At December 31, 2002,  substantially all of Abraxas'  long-term debt was at
fixed  interest rates from 11.5% to 12.875% and not subject to  fluctuations  in
market rates and Old Grey Wolf's  long-term debt was at a fixed interest rate of
9.5%.

     As a result of the financial  restructuring  that occurred in January 2003,
we will have approximately  $46.7 million in outstanding  indebtedness under the
new senior secured credit  agreement,  accruing interest at a rate of prime plus
4.5%,  subject to a minimum  interest  rate of 9.0%. In the event that the prime
rate  (currently  1.5%) rises above 4.5% the  interest  rate  applicable  to our
outstanding indebtedness under the new senior secured credit agreement will rise
accordingly.  For every  percentage  point that the prime rate rises above 4.5%,
our  interest  expense  would  increase by  approximately  $467,000 on an annual
basis.  Our New Notes  accrue  interest  at fixed rates and is  accordingly  not
subject to fluctuations in market rates.

                                       47
<PAGE>
Foreign Currency

     Our Canadian  operations are measured in the local currency of Canada. As a
result,  our  financial  results  are  affected  by changes in foreign  currency
exchange  rates or weak  economic  conditions in the foreign  markets.  Canadian
operations  reported a pre-tax loss of $5.7 million for the year ended  December
31, 2002.  It is estimated  that a 5% change in the value of the U.S.  dollar to
the Canadian dollar would have changed our net loss by  approximately  $284,000.
We do not  maintain  any  derivative  instruments  to mitigate  the  exposure to
translation  risk.  However,  this does not  preclude  the  adoption of specific
hedging strategies in the future.

Item 8. Financial Statements

     For the financial  statements and supplementary  data required by this Item
8, see the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements .


Item  9.  Changes  in and  Disagreements  with  Accountants  on  Accounting  and
Financial Disclosure

    None

                                    PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

     There is  incorporated  in this Item 10 by  reference  that  portion of our
definitive  proxy  statement for the 2003 Annual Meeting of  Stockholders  which
appears  therein  under  the  caption  "Election  of  Directors".  See  also the
information in Item 4a of Part I of this Report.

Item 11. Executive Compensation

     There is  incorporated  in this Item 11 by  reference  that  portion of our
definitive  proxy  statement for the 2003 Annual Meeting of  Stockholders  which
appears  therein under the caption  "Executive  Compensation",  except for those
parts  under  the   captions   "Compensation   Committee   Report  on  Executive
Compensation,"  "Performance  Graph",  "Audit  Committee  Report" and "Report on
Repricing of Options."


Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

     There is  incorporated  in this Item 12 by  reference  that  portion of our
definitive  proxy  statement for the 2003 Annual Meeting of  Stockholders  which
appears   therein   under  the  caption   "Securities   Holdings  of   Principal
Stockholders, Directors and Officers."

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

     There is  incorporated  in this Item 13 by  reference  that  portion of our
definitive  proxy  statement for the 2003 Annual Meeting of  Stockholders  which
appears therein under the caption "Certain Transactions."

Item 14.  Controls and Procedures

     Within the 90 days prior to the filing date of this report,  we carried out
an  evaluation,  under  the  supervision  and  with  the  participation  of  our
management,  including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial  Officer,
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure  controls and
procedures  pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Exchange Act").  Based upon that  evaluation,  the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer  concluded that our disclosure  controls and
procedures  are  effective  in  alerting  them on a  timely  basis  to  material
information  relating  to the Company  required  to be included in our  periodic
filings under the Exchange Act. Subsequent to the date of this evaluation, there


                                       48
<PAGE>

have been no  significant  changes in our internal  controls or in other factors
that could  significantly  affect  internal  controls,  nor were any  corrective
actions required with regard to significant deficiencies or material weaknesses.


                                     PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K

(a)1. Consolidated Financial Statements Page

         Report of  Independent Auditors................................F-2

         Consolidated Balance Sheets,
           December 31, 2002 and 2001...................................F-4

         Consolidated Statements of Operations,
           Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000.................F-6

         Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)
            Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000................F-7

         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
           Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000.................F-9

         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.....................F-11

         Grey Wolf Exploration, Inc.

                  Report of  Independent Auditors.......................F-44

                  Balance Sheets at December 31, 2002 and 2001..........F-46

                  Statements of Earnings and Retained Earnings
                    Years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000........F-47

                  Statements of Cash Flows
                    Years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000........F-48

                  Notes to Financial Statements.........................F-49

(a)2. Financial Statement Schedules

     All  schedules  have been  omitted  because  they are not  applicable,  not
required under the instructions or the information requested is set forth in the
consolidated financial statements or related notes thereto.


 (a)3.Exhibits

     The following  Exhibits have previously been filed by the Registrant or are
included following the Index to Exhibits.

Exhibit Number.                                Description

3.1      Articles of Incorporation of Abraxas. (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Abraxas'
         Registration Statement on Form S-4, No. 33-36565 (the "S-4 Registration
         Statement")).

                                       49
<PAGE>

3.2      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Abraxas dated
         October  22,  1990.  (Filed  as  Exhibit  3.3 to the  S-4  Registration
         Statement).

3.3      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Abraxas dated
         December  18,  1990.  (Filed  as  Exhibit  3.4 to the S-4  Registration
         Statement).

3.4      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Abraxas dated
         June 8, 1995. (Filed as Exhibit 3.4 to Abraxas' Registration  Statement
         on Form S-3, No. 333-00398 (the "S-3 Registration Statement")).

3.5      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Abraxas dated
         as of August 12, 2000 (Filed as Exhibit 3.5 to Abraxas'  Annual  Report
         of Form 10-K filed April 2, 2001).

3.6      Amended  and  Restated  Bylaws of  Abraxas.  (Filed as  Exhibit  3.6 to
         Abraxas' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2002).

4.1      Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Abraxas.  (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to
         the S-4 Registration Statement).

4.2      Specimen Preferred Stock Certificate of Abraxas.  (Filed as Exhibit 4.2
         to Abraxas' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 1995).

4.3      Rights Agreement dated as of December 6, 1994 between Abraxas and First
         Union National Bank of North Carolina  ("FUNB").  (Filed as Exhibit 4.1
         to  Abraxas'  Registration  Statement  on Form 8-A filed on December 6,
         1994).

4.4      Amendment to Rights  Agreement dated as of July 14, 1997 by and between
         Abraxas and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company.  (Filed as Exhibit
         1 to  Amendment  No. 1 to Abraxas'  Registration  Statement on Form 8-A
         filed on August 20, 1997).

4.5      Second Amendment to Rights Agreement as of May 22, 1998, by and between
         Abraxas and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company.  (Filed as Exhibit
         1 to  Amendment  No. 2 to Abraxas'  Registration  Statement on Form 8-A
         filed on August 24, 1998).

4.6      Indenture  dated  January  ,by  and  among  Abraxas,   as  Issuer;  the
         subsidiary  Guarantors  party thereto and U.S. Bank,  N.A., as Trustee,
         relating to Abraxas' 11-1/2 % Secured Notes Due 2007. (filed as Exhibit
         4.1 to Abraxas' Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6, 2003).

4.7      Form of 111/2%  Secured Notes due 2007.  (Filed as Exhibit A to Exhibit
         4.6).

*10.1    Abraxas Petroleum  Corporation 1984 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, as
         amended and restated.  (Filed as Exhibit 10.7 to Abraxas' Annual Report
         on Form 10-K filed April 14, 1993).

*10.2    Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  1984  Incentive  Stock Option Plan, as
         amended and restated.  (Filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Abraxas' Annual Report
         on Form 10-K filed April 14, 1993).

*10.3    Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation 1993 Key Contributor Stock Option Plan.
         (Filed as Exhibit  10.9 to  Abraxas'  Annual  Report on Form 10-K filed
         April 14, 1993).

*10.4    Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  401(k) Profit Sharing Plan.  (Filed as
         Exhibit  10.4 to  Abraxas'  Registration  Statement  on Form  S-4,  No.
         333-18673, (the "1996 Exchange Offer Registration Statement")).

*10.5    Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  Director Stock Option Plan.  (Filed as
         Exhibit 10.5 to the 1996 Exchange Offer Registration Statement).

                                       50
<PAGE>

*10.6    Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  Restricted  Share Plan for  Directors.
         (Filed as Exhibit 10.20 to Abraxas' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on
         April 12, 1994).

*10.7    Abraxas Petroleum  Corporation 1994 Long Term Incentive Plan. (Filed as
         Exhibit 10.21 to Abraxas' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 12,
         1994).

*10.8    Abraxas Petroleum  Corporation Incentive Performance Bonus Plan. (Filed
         as Exhibit 10.24 to Abraxas'  Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April
         12, 1994).

10.9     Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated August 11, 1993 between Abraxas and
         Associated  Energy  Managers,  Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.37 to Abraxas'
         Registration  statement on Form S-1,  Registration No.  33-66446,  (the
         "1993 S-1 Registration Statement")).

10.10    Form of Indemnity  Agreement  between Abraxas and each of its directors
         and officers. (Filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the 1993 S-1

10.16    Common Stock Purchase  Warrant dated September 1, 2000 between Jessup &
         Lamont  Holdings  (Filed as Exhibit  10.16 to Abraxas  Annual Report on
         Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2001).

10.17    Common Stock Purchase  Warrant dated August 1, 2000 between Abraxas and
         TNC, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.17 to Abraxas Annual Report on Form 10-K
         filed on April 2, 2001).

10.18    Common Stock Purchase  Warrant dated August 1, 2000 between Abraxas and
         Charles K. Butler (Filed as Exhibit  10.17 to Abraxas  Annual Report on
         Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2001).

10.19    Agreement of Limited  Partnership of Abraxas Wamsutter L.P. dated as of
         November  12, 1999 by and between  Wamsutter  Holdings,  Inc.  and TIFD
         III-X Inc.  (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Abraxas'  Current  Report on Form
         8-K filed November 30,1999).

10.20    Purchase Agreement for Dollar  Denominated  Production Payment dated as
         of  October  6,  1999 by and  between  Abraxas  and  Southern  Producer
         Services,  L.P. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Abraxas'  Quarterly Report on
         Form 10-Q filed November 15, 1999)

10.21    Conveyance of Dollar Denominated Production Payment dated as of October
         6, 1999 by and between  Abraxas and Southern  Producer  Services,  L.P.
         (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Abraxas'  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed
         November 15, 1999)

10.22    Purchase and Sale  Agreement  dated  November  21,  2002,  by and among
         Abraxas, as Seller, Primewest Gas Inc., as Purchaser,  Primewest Energy
         Inc., as Guarantor, Canadian Abraxas and Grey Wolf Exploration Inc., as
         the Companies (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Abraxas' Current Report on Form
         8-K/A filed December 9, 2002).

10.23    Farmout Agreement  between Grey Wolf Exploration  Limited and PrimeWest
         Energy,  Inc.  (Previously  filed as Exhibit  10.2 to Abraxas'  Current
         Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 9, 2002).

10.24    Farmout Agreement  between Grey Wolf Exploration  Limited and PrimeWest
         Energy,  Inc.  (Previously  filed as Exhibit  10.3 to Abraxas'  Current
         Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 9, 2002).

10.25    Loan And Security  Agreement dated as of January 22, 2003, by and among
         Abraxas, as Borrower,  the Subsidiaries of Abraxas that are Signatories

                                       51
<PAGE>

         thereto,  as Guarantors,  the Lenders that are Signatories  thereto, as
         Lenders,  and  Foothill  Capital  Corporation,   as  the  Arranger  and
         Administrative  Agent (Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Abraxas' Current Report
         on Form 8-K filed February 6, 2003).

10.26    Intercreditor and Subordination Agreement dated as of January 23, 2003,
         by and among  Foothill,  in its  capacity  as agent (in such  capacity,
         together with any successor in such capacity,  the "Senior  Agent") for
         the  lenders  who are from time to time  parties to the Loan  Agreement
         (the "Senior Lenders"), U.S. Bank, N.A., a national banking association
         in its  capacity  as  trustee  (in  such  capacity,  together  with any
         successor in such  capacity,  the  "Trustee") for the holders of the 11
         1/2%  Secured  Notes Due 2007,  issued under the  Indenture.  (Filed as
         Exhibit 10.6 to Abraxas'  Current  Report on Form 8-K filed February 6,
         2003).

16.1     Letter  addressing  change in certifying  accountant (Filed on Abraxas'
         Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2001).

21.1     Subsidiaries of Abraxas.  (Filed as Exhibit 21.1 to Abraxas,  Grey Wolf
         Exploration Inc., Sandia Oil & Gas Corporation, Sandia Operating Corp.,
         Wamsutter  Holdings,  Inc.,  Western  Associated Energy Corporation and
         Eastside Coal Company,  Inc.'s Registration  Statement on Form S-1, No.
         333-103027).

23.1     Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP. (filed herewith).

23.2     Consent  of  Deloitte  &  Touche  LLP  Chartered  Accountants.   (filed
         herewith).

23.3     Consent of DeGolyer and MacNaughton. (filed herewith).

23.4     Consent of McDaniel & Associates Consultants, Ltd. (filed herewith).




*      Management Compensatory Plan or Agreement.

(b)  Reports on Form 8-K

     1.  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K on  November  26,  2002.  Other  Events,
         including  a press  release  relating to  Purchase  and Sale  agreement
         relating to the sale of Canadian properties.

     2.  Current  Report  on Form  8-K/A on  December  9,  2002.  Other  Events,
         including Purchase and Sale agreement and Farmout  agreements  relating
         to the sale of Canadian properties.

     3.  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K on  December  10,  2002.  Other  Events,
         including a press release announcing exchange offer.

     4.  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K on  December  10,  2002.  Other  Events,
         including  a  press  release  announcing   commitment  for  new  credit
         facility.

     5.  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K on  December  12,  2002.  Other  Events,
         including an amended press release announcing exchange offer.

     6.  Current Report on Form 8-K on January 8, 2003. Other Events,  including
         a press release extending exchange offer.

     7.  Current Report on Form 8-K on January 9, 2003. Other Events,  including
         a press release extending exchange offer.

                                       52
<PAGE>

     8.  Current Report on Form 8-K on January 10, 2003. Other Events, including
         a press release extending exchange offer.

     9.  Current Report on Form 8-K on January 13, 2003. Other Events, including
         a press release extending exchange offer.

     10. Current Report on Form 8-K on January 14, 2003. Other Events, including
         a press release extending exchange offer.

     11. Current Report on Form 8-K on January 15, 2003. Other Events, including
         a press release extending exchange offer.

     12. Current Report on Form 8-K on January 24, 2003. Other Events, including
         a press  release  announcing  the closing of Canadian  Asset Sale,  New
         Secured Credit Facility and completion of exchange offer and redemption
         of debt.

     13. Current  Report on Form 8-K on February 6, 2003,  Disposition of Assets
         announcing  the  completion of the sale of the common stock of Canadian
         Abraxas and Grey Wolf  Exploration,  Inc.;  Other Event,  completion of
         exchange offer, new credit facility and redemption of notes;  Financial
         Statements  and  exhibits,  including  pro forma  financial  statements
         giving effect of the sale of Canadian  properties,  exchange offer, new
         credit facility and redemption of notes.

     14. Current  Report  on Form  8-K on  February  24,  2003,  Regulation  FD,
         including  press  release   announcing   2003  capital  budget,   hedge
         agreements and resignation of director.

                                       53
<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  Registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                          ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION

         By:     /s/ Robert L.G. Watson         By: /s/ Chris E. Williford
                 ----------------------------  ---------------------------------
                 President and Principal            Exec. Vice President and
                 Executive Officer                  Principal Financial and
                                                    Accounting Officer
         DATED: 3/25/2003

Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,  this
report  has  been  signed  below  by the  following  persons  on  behalf  of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

         Signature                                Name and Title         Date

/s/ Robert L.G. Watson                      Chairman of the Board,
------------------------------------        President (Principal
Robert L.G. Watson                          Executive Officer)
                                            and Director              3/25/2003

/s/ Chris E. Williford                      Exec. Vice President and
-------------------------------------       Treasurer (Principal
Chris Williford                             Financial and Accounting
                                            Officer)                  3/25/2003

/s/ Craig S. Bartlett, Jr.                  Director                  3/25/2003
------------------------------------
Craig S. Bartlett, Jr.

/s/ Franklin Burke                          Director                  3/25/2003
------------------------------------
Franklin Burke

/s/ Ralph F. Cox                            Director                  3/25/2003
----------------------
Ralph F. Cox

/s/ James C. Phelps                         Director                  3/25/2003
------------------------------------
James C. Phelps

/s/ Joseph A. Wagda                         Director                  3/25/2003
----------------------
Joseph A. Wagda



                                       54
<PAGE>



                                 CERTIFICATIONS

I, Robert L. G. Watson, certify that:

     1.  I have reviewed  this annual  report on Form 10-K of Abraxas  Petroleum
         Corporation;
     2.  Based on my  knowledge,  this annual report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances  under which
         such  statements  were made, not misleading  with respect to the period
         covered by this annual report;
     3.  Based on my knowledge,  the financial  statements,  and other financial
         information  included  in this  annual  report,  fairly  present in all
         material  respects the financial  condition,  results of operations and
         cash flows of the  registrant as of, and for, the periods  presented in
         this annual report;
     4.  The  registrant's  other  certifying  officer and I are responsible for
         establishing  and  maintaining  disclosure  controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and
         have:

         (a)  designed such  disclosure  controls and  procedures to ensure that
              material  information  relating to the  registrant,  including its
              consolidated  subsidiaries,  is made known to us by others  within
              those  entities,  particularly  during  the  period in which  this
              annual report is being prepared;
         (b)  evaluated  the   effectiveness  of  the  registrant's   disclosure
              controls and  procedures  as of a date within 90 days prior to the
              filing date of this annual report (the "Evaluation Date"); and
         (c)  presented  in  this  annual  report  our  conclusions   about  the
              effectiveness  of the disclosure  controls and procedures based on
              our evaluation as of the Evaluation Date;

     5.  The registrant's other certifying  officer and I have disclosed,  based
         on our most recent  evaluation,  to the  registrant's  auditors and the
         audit  committee of the  registrant's  board of  directors  (or persons
         performing the equivalent functions):

         (a)  all  significant  deficiencies  in  the  design  or  operation  of
              internal  controls which could adversely  affect the  registrant's
              ability to record,  process,  summarize and report  financial data
              and have  identified  for the  registrant's  auditors any material
              weaknesses in internal controls; and

         (b)  any fraud,  whether or not material,  that involves  management or
              other  employees  who ave a significant  role in the  registrant's
              internal controls; and

     6.  The registrant's  other certifying officer and I have indicated in this
         annual  report  whether  there were  significant  changes  in  internal
         controls or in other factors that could  significantly  affect internal
         controls  subsequent  to  the  date  of  our  most  recent  evaluation,
         including   any   corrective   actions   with  regard  to   significant
         deficiencies and material weaknesses

Date:  March 25, 2003

/s/ Robert L.G. Watson
----------------------
Robert L.G. Watson
Chairman of the Board, President and
Principal Executive Officer

                                       55
<PAGE>
                                 CERTIFICATIONS

I, Chris Williford, certify that:

     1.  I have reviewed  this annual  report on Form 10-K of Abraxas  Petroleum
         Corporation;
     2.  Based on my  knowledge,  this annual report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances  under which
         such  statements  were made, not misleading  with respect to the period
         covered by this annual report;
     3.  Based on my knowledge,  the financial  statements,  and other financial
         information  included  in this  annual  report,  fairly  present in all
         material  respects the financial  condition,  results of operations and
         cash flows of the  registrant as of, and for, the periods  presented in
         this annual report;
     4.  The  registrant's  other  certifying  officer and I are responsible for
         establishing  and  maintaining  disclosure  controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and
         have:

         (a)  designed such  disclosure  controls and  procedures to ensure that
              material  information  relating to the  registrant,  including its
              consolidated  subsidiaries,  is made known to us by others  within
              those  entities,  particularly  during  the  period in which  this
              annual report is being prepared;
         (b)  evaluated  the   effectiveness  of  the  registrant's   disclosure
              controls and  procedures  as of a date within 90 days prior to the
              filing date of this annual report (the "Evaluation Date"); and
         (c)  presented  in  this  annual  report  our  conclusions   about  the
              effectiveness  of the disclosure  controls and procedures based on
              our evaluation as of the Evaluation Date;

     5.  The registrant's other certifying  officer and I have disclosed,  based
         on our most recent  evaluation,  to the  registrant's  auditors and the
         audit  committee of the  registrant's  board of  directors  (or persons
         performing the equivalent functions):

         (a)  all  significant  deficiencies  in  the  design  or  operation  of
              internal  controls which could adversely  affect the  registrant's
              ability to record,  process,  summarize and report  financial data
              and have  identified  for the  registrant's  auditors any material
              weaknesses in internal controls; and
         (b)  any fraud,  whether or not material,  that involves  management or
              other  employees who have a significant  role in the  registrant's
              internal controls; and

     6.  The registrant's  other certifying officer and I have indicated in this
         annual  report  whether  there were  significant  changes  in  internal
         controls or in other factors that could  significantly  affect internal
         controls  subsequent  to  the  date  of  our  most  recent  evaluation,
         including   any   corrective   actions   with  regard  to   significant
         deficiencies and material weaknesses

Date:  March 26, 2003

/s/ Chris Williford
---------------------
Chris Williford
Executive Vice President and
Principal Accounting Officer


                                       56
<PAGE>



                                                                   Exhibit 23.1

Independent Auditors' Consent



     We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
No. 33-48932, 33-48934,  33-72268, 33-81416, 33-81418,  333-17375, and 333-17377
of Abraxas Petroleum  Corporation on Form S-8 of our report dated March 10, 2003
(which  report  expresses an  unqualified  opinion and  includes an  explanatory
paragraph related to subsequent events), appearing in this Annual Report on Form
10-K of Abraxas Petroleum Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2002.


/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

San Antonio, Texas
March 24, 2003



                                       57
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 23.2

Independent Auditors' Consent


We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration  Statements No.
33-48932, 33-48934,  33-72268,  33-81416, 33-81418,  333-17375, and 333-17377 of
Abraxas Petroleum  Corporation on Form S-8 of our report dated March 10, 2003 on
the financial  statements of Grey Wolf  Exploration Inc. (which report expresses
an  unqualified  opinion and includes an explanatory  paragraph  relating to our
previously  issued report on the financial  statements of Grey Wolf  Exploration
Inc. which excluded  differences  between  Canadian and United States  generally
accepted accounting principles as set out in Note 12, and for U.S. readers has a
Canada-U.S.  reporting  difference which would require an explanatory  paragraph
relating  to the  Company's  changes  in  accounting  policies  and  significant
subsequent  events  that  have  been  disclosed  in the  financial  statements),
appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Abraxas Petroleum Corporation for
the year ended December 31, 2002.

Calgary, Canada                                   /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP
March 24, 2003                                        Chartered Accountants


                                       58
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 23.3

                       Consent of DeGolyer and MacNaughton


We hereby consent to the incorporation in your Annual Report on Form 10-K of the
references to DeGolyer and MacNaughton in the "Reserves Information" section and
to the use by reference of information  contained in our "Appraisal Report as of
December 31, 2002 on Certain Interests owned by Abraxas Petroleum  Corporation,"
Appraisal  Report as of December 31, 2001 on Certain  Interest  owned by Abraxas
Petroleum  Corporation,"  and  "Appraisal  Repost as of December  31,  2000,  on
Certain Interest owned by Abraxas Petroleum Corporation" (our Reports). However,
that since the crude oil,  condensate,  natural  gas  liquids,  and  natural gas
reserves  estimates  set forth in our Reports  have been  combined  with reserve
estimates of other petroleum  consultants,  we are necessarily  unable to verify
the  accuracy of the reserves  values  contained  in the  aforementioned  Annual
Report.

                                                DeGolyer and MacNaughton



Dallas, Texas
March 24, 2003



                                       59
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 23.6

               Consent of McDaniel and Associates Consultants LTD.

     We consent to the  incorporation  in your Annual Report on Form 10-K of the
references  to  McDaniel  and  Associates  Consultants  Ltd.  in  the  "Reserves
Information" section and to the use by reference of information contained in our
Evaluation  Report  "Canadian  Abraxas  Petroleum Ltd.,  Evaluation of Oil & Gas
Reserves, As of January 1, 2002", dated April 3, 2002.


McDaniel & Associates Consultants LTD

Calgary, Alberta
April 3, 2002



                                      60
<page>
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                           Page
Abraxas Petroleum Corporation and Subsidiaries

Independent Auditors' Reports for the years ended
 December 31, 2000,  2001 and 2002..........................................F-2
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2001 and 2002 ..................F-3
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
 December 31, 2000, 2001 and 2002 ..........................................F-5
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the
 years ended December 31,  2000, 2001 and 2002 .............................F-6
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years
 ended December 31, 2000, 2001 and 2002 ....................................F-8
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .................................F-11


Grey Wolf Exploration Inc.

Auditors' Reports for the years ended December 31, 2000, 2001 and 2002......F-44
Comments by Auditors' for US readers on Canada -
  US reporting differences..................................................F-45
Balance Sheets at December 31, 2002 and 2001................................F-46
Statements of Earnings and Retained Earnings for the years
 ended December 31, 2000, 2001 and 2002.....................................F-47
Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
 December 31, 2000, 2001 and 2002...........................................F-48
Notes to Financial Statements...............................................F-49


                                      F-1
<PAGE>


INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Abraxas Petroleum Corporation


We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  Abraxas
Petroleum  Corporation and Subsidiaries  (the "Company") as of December 31, 2002
and 2001, and the related consolidated  statements of operations,  stockholders'
equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2002.  These  financial  statements are the  responsibility  of the
Company's  management.  Our  responsibility  is to  express  an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the  United  States of  America.  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion,  such consolidated  financial  statements present fairly, in all
material  respects,  the financial  position of the Company at December 31, 2002
and 2001,  and the results of its  operations and its cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2002 in conformity  with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

As discussed in Note 3 to the  financial  statements,  on January 23, 2003,  the
Company  sold  all  of  the  outstanding   common  stock  of  two  wholly  owned
subsidiaries,  Canadian  Abraxas  Petroleum  Limited and Grey Wolf  Exploration,
Inc.,  repaid certain debt, and also entered into an agreement to exchange cash,
new debt and common stock of the Company for certain other debt.



/s/DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
San Antonio, Texas
March 10, 2003


                                      F-2
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                                     ASSETS

                                                                                December 31
                                                                   --------------------------------------
                                                                         2001                2002
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
                                                                          (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                                   <C>                <C>
Current assets:
   Cash ...................................................           $       3,593      $         557
   Accounts receivable:
       Joint owners .......................................                     938                516
       Oil and gas production sales .......................                   2,988              5,292
       Other ..............................................                     135                221
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
                                                                              4,061              6,029
   Equipment inventory ....................................                   1,061              1,021
   Other current assets ...................................                     250                316
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
                                                                              8,965              7,923
   Assets held for sale....................................                 163,902             74,247
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
     Total current assets..................................                 172,867             82,170

Property and equipment:
     Oil and gas properties, full cost method of accounting:
       Proved .............................................                 290,635            298,972
       Unproved, not subject to amortization ..............                   4,571              7,052
     Other property and equipment .........................                   2,587              2,713
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
           Total ..........................................                 297,793            308,737
      Less accumulated depreciation, depletion, and
       amortization .......................................                 170,307            212,811
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
       Total property and equipment - net .................                 127,486             95,926

Deferred financing fees, net of accumulated amortization
   of $7,434 and $8,759 at December 31, 2001 and 2002,
   respectively ...........................................                   2,779              2,970

Other assets ..............................................                     484                359
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
   Total assets ...........................................           $     303,616      $     181,425
                                                                   ================== ===================

</TABLE>



          See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                      F-3
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                 ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED)

                 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)


                                                                                December 31
                                                                   --------------------------------------
                                                                         2001                2002
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
                                                                          (Dollars in thousands)

<S>                                                                   <C>                <C>
Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable ..........................................        $       5,042      $       4,171
   Joint interest oil and gas production payable .............                1,180              1,637
   Accrued interest ..........................................                5,000              5,000
   Other accrued expenses ....................................                1,052              1,162
   Hedge liability............................................                  438                  -
   Current maturities of long-term debt ......................                  415             63,500
                                                                   ------------------  -------------------
                                                                             11,947             75,470
   Liabilities related to assets held for sale................               57,552             56,697
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
     Total current liabilities................................               69,499            132,167

Long-term debt ...............................................              262,240            190,979

Future site restoration  .....................................                  462                533

Commitments and contingencies

Stockholders' equity (deficit):
   Common stock, par value $.01 per share - authorized
     200,000,000 shares; issued 30,145,280 at December 31,
     2001 and 2002  .......................................                     301                301
   Additional paid-in capital ................................              136,830            136,830
   Receivables from stock sale................................                  (97)               (97)
   Accumulated deficit ......................................              (151,094)          (269,621)
   Treasury stock, at cost, 165,883...........................                 (964)              (964)
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)..............              (13,561)            (8,703)
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
Total stockholders' equity  (deficit).........................              (28,585)          (142,254)
                                                                   ------------------ -------------------
   Total liabilities and stockholders' equity  (deficit)......        $     303,616      $     181,425
                                                                   ================== ===================

</TABLE>


          See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                      F-4
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS


                                                                             Year Ended December 31
                                                              --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                     2000              2001               2002
                                                              --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       (In thousands except per share data)
<S>                                                              <C>                <C>               <C>
Revenues:
   Oil and gas production revenues .........................     $      32,165      $      34,934     $      21,601
   Rig revenues ............................................               505                756               635
   Other  ..................................................               216                 85                71
                                                              ------------------ ------------------ ------------------
                                                                        32,886             35,775            22,307
Operating costs and expenses:
   Lease operating and production taxes ....................             7,755              9,302             7,910
   Depreciation, depletion, and amortization ...............            12,328             12,336             9,654
   Proved property impairment ..............................                 -                  -            32,850
   Rig operations ..........................................               717                702               567
   General and administrative ..............................             4,840              4,937             5,082
   General and administrative (Stock-based compensation)....             2,767             (2,767)                -
                                                              ------------------ ------------------ ------------------
                                                                        28,407             24,510            56,063
                                                              ------------------ ------------------ ------------------
Operating income (loss) from continuing operations..........             4,479             11,265           (33,756)

Other (income) expense:
   Interest income .........................................              (530)               (78)              (92)
   Amortization of deferred financing fees .................             1,660              1,907             1,325
   Interest expense ........................................            22,847             23,922            24,689
   Financing costs..........................................                 -                  -               967
   (Gain) loss on sale of equity investment ................           (33,983)               845                 -
   Other ...................................................             1,016                207               201
                                                              ------------------ ------------------ ------------------
                                                                        (8,890)            26,803            27,090
                                                              ------------------ ------------------ ------------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax
   and extraordinary item...................................            13,369            (15,538)          (60,846)
Income tax expense:
   Current .................................................                 -                505                 -
   Deferred ................................................             3,433                  -                 -
                                                              ------------------ ------------------ ------------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations before
   extraordinary item.......................................             9,936            (16,043)          (60,846)
Loss from discontinued operations........................               (3,260)            (3,675)          (57,681)
                                                              ------------------ ------------------ ------------------
Income (loss) before extraordinary item..................                6,676            (19,718)         (118,527)
Extraordinary item:
   Gain on debt extinguishment .............................             1,773                  -                 -
                                                              ------------------ ------------------ ------------------
Net income (loss)........................................     $           8,449   $       (19,718) $       (118,527)
                                                              ================== ================== ==================

Basic earnings (loss) per common share:
   Net income (loss) from continuing operations before
     extraordinary item ....................................     $       0.43       $      (0.62)     $      (2.03)
   Discontinued operations (loss)........................                (0.14)             (0.14)            (1.92)
   Extraordinary item ......................................              0.08                  -                 -
                                                              ------------------ ------------------ ------------------
Net income (loss) per common share - basic ..............        $       0.37       $      (0.76)     $      (3.95)
                                                              ================== ================== ==================

</TABLE>

                                      F-5
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>




                                  ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)



<S>                                                              <C>                <C>               <C>
Diluted earnings (loss) per common share : Net income (loss) from continuing
   operations before
     extraordinary item ....................................     $       0.31       $      (0.62)     $      (2.03)
   Discontinued operations (loss)...........................            (0.10)             (0.14)            (1.92)
   Extraordinary item ......................................             0.05                   -                 -
                                                              ------------------ ------------------ ------------------
Net income (loss) per common share  - diluted............        $       0.26       $      (0.76)     $      (3.95)
                                                              ================== ================== ==================
</TABLE>

          See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                      F-6
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                  ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)
                                        (In thousands except share amounts)



                                                                                                 Accumulated
                                    Common Stock     Treasury Stock  Additional                   Other        Receivables
                                ------------------------------------  Paid-In    Accumulated   Comprehensive      From
                                  Shares   Amount  Shares   Amount    Capital       Deficit    Income (Loss)   Stock Sale   Total
                                ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>        <C>    <C>     <C>        <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>
Balance at January 1, 2000..    22,747,099 $ 227  152,083 $ (1,071)  $ 127,562    $ (139,825)   $   3,602     $   (97)     $(9,602)
   Comprehensive income
     (loss):
   Net income...............           -     -          -       -          -           8,449            -           -        8,449
     Other comprehensive
       income:
       Foreign currency
         translation
         adjustment ........           -      -         -                  -               -       (8,401)          -       (8,401)
                                                                                                                       ------------
   Comprehensive income (loss)         -      -         -        -         -               -            -           -           48
   Stock-based
     compensation  expense..           -      -         -        -       2,767             _            -           -        2,767
   Issuance of common stock
     and warrants for
     compensation ..........        12,753    -   (25,000)     185          80             -            -           -          265
   Purchase of treasury
     stock .................           -      -    38,000      (78)         -              -            -           -          (78)
                                ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2000    22,759,852 $ 227   165,883  $ (964)  $ 130,409    $ (131,376)     $(4,799)     $    (97)    $(6,600)
   Comprehensive income
     (loss):
   Net loss.................           -      -         -        -          -        (19,718)           -            -     (19,718)
     Other comprehensive
       income:
       Hedge loss...........           -      -         -        -          -              -         (566)           -        (566)
       Foreign currency
         translation
         adjustment ........           -      -         -        -          -              -       (8,196)           -      (8,196)
                                                                                                                       ------------
   Comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                             (28,480)
Stock-based compensation
     expense................            -     -         -        -      (2,767)            -            -            -      (2,767)
   Issuance of common stock
     for contingent value
     rights ................     3,386,488   34         -        -         (34)            -            -            -          -
   Issuance of common stock
     and stock options for
     acquisition of
     minority interest in
     Old Grey Wolf
     Exploration, Inc.......     3,990,565   40         -        -       9,206             -            -            -       9,246
   Stock options exercised .         8,375    -         -        -          16             -            -            -          -
                                ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2001    30,145,280 $301    165,883  $ (964)  $ 136,830    $ (151,094)    $(13,561)      $   (97)  $(28,585)
                                ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>


                                                      (continued)


                                      F-7
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                 ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)(continued)
                       (In thousands except share amounts)


                                                                                                 Accumulated
                                    Common Stock     Treasury Stock  Additional                   Other        Receivables
                                ------------------------------------  Paid-In    Accumulated   Comprehensive      From
                                  Shares   Amount  Shares   Amount    Capital       Deficit    Income (Loss)   Stock Sale   Total
                                ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>        <C>     <C>      <C>      <C>          <C>            <C>            <C>       <C>
Balance at January 1, 2001..    30,145,280 $301    165,883  $ (964)  $ 136,830    $ (151,094)    $(13,561)      $   (97)  $(28,585)
   Comprehensive income
     (loss):
   Net loss.................            -     -        -         -          -       (118,527)           -           -     (118,527)
     Other comprehensive
       income:
       Hedge income.........            -     -        -         -          -             -           566                      566
       Foreign currency
         translation
         adjustment ........            -     -        -         -          -             -         4,292            -       4,292
                                                                                                                       ------------
   Comprehensive income (loss)          -     -        -         -          -             -             -            -    (113,669)
                                ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2002    30,145,280 $ 301  165,883 $ (964)    $ 1366,830   $ (269,621)    $ (8,703)          (97) $(142,254)
                                ===================================================================================================
</TABLE>

          See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                      F-8
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 Abraxas Petroleum Corporation and Subsidiaries

                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

                                                                  Year Ended December 31
                                                 ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                       2000                2001                2002
                                                 ------------------  ------------------ -------------------
                                                                      (In thousands)

Operating Activities
<S>                                                 <C>                 <C>                <C>
Net income (loss) ........................          $       8,449       $     (19,718)     $     (118,527)
Loss from discontinued operations.........                 (3,260)             (3,675)           (57,681)
                                                 ------------------  ------------------ -------------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations..                 11,709             (16,043)           (60,846)
Adjustments to reconcile net income
   (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities:
        Extraordinary gain on
       extinguishment of debt.............                 (1,773)                  -                  -
     (Gain) loss on sale of equity
       investment.........................                (33,983)                845                  -
     Depreciation, depletion, and
       amortization ......................                 12,329              12,336              9,654
     Proved property impairment ..........                      -                   -             32,850
     Deferred income tax  expense.........                  3,433                   -                  -
     Amortization of deferred financing
       fees...............................                  1,660               1,907              1,325
     Stock-based compensation ............                  2,767              (2,767)                 -
     Issuance of common stock and
       warrants for compensation .........                    265                   -                  -
     Changes in operating assets and
       liabilities:
         Accounts receivable .............                      8              28,804             18,088
         Equipment inventory .............                   (538)                (76)               201
         Other  ..........................                   (184)               (281)               496
         Accounts payable ................                  5,760             (12,386)                (3)
         Accrued expenses ................                   (403)               (529)               (44)
                                                 ------------------  ------------------ -------------------
Net cash provided by continuing
   operations ............................                  1,050              11,810              1,721
Net cash provided by discontinued
   operations.............................                 20,515               2,119              7,891
                                                 ------------------  ------------------ -------------------
Net cash provided by operations...........                 21,565              13,929              9,612

Investing Activities
Capital expenditures, including purchases
   and development of properties .........                (39,767)            (19,126)           (15,896)
Proceeds from sale of oil and gas
   properties.............................                  5,542               9,677              9,725
Acquisition of minority interest..........                      -              (2,679)                 -
Proceeds from sale of equity investment ..                 34,482                   -                  -
                                                 ------------------  ------------------ -------------------
Net cash provided by continuing operations
                                                              257             (12,128)            (6,171)
Net cash used in discontinued operations..                (19,030)            (18,669)             1,135
                                                 ------------------  ------------------ -------------------
Net cash used in investing activities.....                (18,773)            (30,797)            (5,036)
</TABLE>


                                      F-9
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 Abraxas Petroleum Corporation and Subsidiaries

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENS OF CASH FLOWS (continued)



                                                                  Year Ended December 31
                                                 ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                       2000                2001                2002
                                                 ------------------  ------------------  ------------------
                                                                      (In thousands)

Financing Activities
<S>                                              <C>                   <C>                <C>
Purchase of treasury stock, net ............     $            (78)     $           -      $             -
Proceeds from issuance of common stock......                    -                  16                   -
Proceeds from long-term borrowings .........                6,400              11,700                   -
Payments on long-term borrowings ...........               (9,979)             (9,326)            (8,176)
Deferred financing fees ....................                   23                   -
                                                                                                  (1,516)
                                                 ------------------  ------------------ -------------------
Net cash (used) provided  by  continuing
   operations ..............................               (3,634)              2,390             (9,692)
Net cash (used) provided by discontinued
   operations..............................                  (184)             18,295              2,267
                                                 ------------------  ------------------ -------------------
Net cash (used) provided by financing
   activities...............................               (3,818)             20,685             (7,425)
                                                 ------------------  ------------------ -------------------
Increase (decrease) in cash ................               (1,026)              3,817             (2,849)
                                                 ------------------  ------------------ -------------------
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash -
   discontinued operations..................                 (576)               (550)              (187)
                                                 ------------------  ------------------ -------------------
Increase (decrease) in cash ................               (1,602)              3,267             (3,036)
Cash at beginning of year ..................                1,928                 326              3,593
                                                 ------------------  ------------------ -------------------
Cash at end of year.........................        $         326       $       3,593      $         557
                                                 ==================  ================== ===================

Supplemental Disclosures
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow
   information:
     Interest paid .........................        $      22,847       $      23,922      $      24,689
                                                 ==================  ================== ===================
     Taxes paid.............................        $           -       $         505      $           -
                                                 ==================  ================== ===================

Supplemental schedule of noncash investing and financing activities:
         In May 2001 the Company issued 3,386,488 shares of common
         stock upon the expiration of the CVRs issued in connection
         with the December 1999 exchange. See Note 7.

         In September 2001 the Company issued  3,990,565 shares of
         common stock and options and paid  $2,679,000  million in
         cash in connection  with the  acquisition of the minority
         interest in Old Grey Wolf. See Note 5.
         Decrease in oil and gas properties and other assets...      $         (2,925)
                                                                  =====================
         Decrease in deferred income tax liability.............      $          1,091
                                                                  =====================
         Increase in stockholders equity.......................      $         (9,246)
                                                                  =====================
         Decrease in minority interest in foreign subsidiary...      $         13,759
                                                                  =====================
</TABLE>



                See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                      F-10
<PAGE>
                 ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                        December 31, 2000, 2001 and 2002


       1.  Organization and Significant Accounting Policies

Nature of Operations

     Abraxas   Petroleum   Corporation   (the  "Company"  or  "Abraxas")  is  an
independent  energy company engaged in the exploration for and the  acquisition,
development,  and  production of crude oil and natural gas  primarily  along the
Texas Gulf Coast,  in the Permian Basin of western Texas and in western  Canada.
The consolidated  financial  statements  include the accounts of the Company and
its  wholly-owned  subsidiaries.   All  significant  intercompany  accounts  and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

     In January  2003,  the  Company  sold all of the common  stock of  Canadian
Abraxas  Petroleum Limited  ("Canadian  Abraxas") and Grey Wolf Exploration Inc.
("Old Grey Wolf").  Certain oil and gas properties were retained and transferred
into a new wholly-owned subsidiary that retained the name Grey Wolf Exploration,
Inc. ("New Grey Wolf").  The Canadian  operations had historically been reported
as a geographical  business  segment.  The results of  operations,  statement of
position and cash flow for all periods  presented  of Canadian  Abraxas and Grey
Wolf,  with  the  exception  of  the  retained   properties,   is  reflected  in
discontinued  operations in the  accompanying  financial  statements and related
disclosures. See Note 2. Discontinued Operations for further details.

Use of Estimates

     The  preparation  of financial  statements  in conformity  with  accounting
principles   generally  accepted  in  the  United  States  of  America  requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and  liabilities  and disclosure of contingent  assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial  statements  and the reported  amounts of revenues and
expenses  during the reporting  period.  Actual  results could differ from those
estimates.  Management believes that it is reasonably possible that estimates of
proved  crude oil and natural gas  revenues  could  significantly  change in the
future.

Concentration of Credit Risk

     Financial  instruments which potentially  expose the Company to credit risk
consist  principally  of trade  receivables,  interest  rate and  crude  oil and
natural  gas price swap  agreements.  Accounts  receivable  are  generally  from
companies  with  significant  oil  and gas  marketing  activities.  The  Company
performs ongoing credit evaluations and, generally,  requires no collateral from
its customers.

Equipment Inventory

     Equipment inventory principally consists of casing, tubing, and compression
equipment and is carried at the lower of cost or market.

Oil and Gas Properties

     The Company  follows the full cost method of  accounting  for crude oil and
natural gas properties. Under this method, all direct costs and certain indirect
costs  associated  with  acquisition  of  properties  and  successful as well as
unsuccessful   exploration   and   development   activities   are   capitalized.
Depreciation,  depletion,  and amortization of capitalized crude oil and natural
gas  properties  and estimated  future  development  costs,  excluding  unproved
properties, are based on the unit-of-production method based on proved reserves.
Net  capitalized  costs of crude oil and natural gas  properties,  less  related
deferred taxes, are limited, by country, to the lower of unamortized cost or the
cost ceiling,  defined as the sum of the present  value of estimated  future net
revenues  from proved  reserves  based on  unescalated  prices  discounted at 10
percent, plus the cost of properties not being amortized, if any, plus the lower
of cost or  estimated  fair value of unproved  properties  included in the costs
being amortized,  if any, less related income taxes. Excess costs are charged to
proved property  impairment  expense. No gain or loss is recognized upon sale or
disposition  of  crude  oil  and  natural  gas  properties,  except  in  unusual
circumstances.

                                      F-11
<PAGE>

     Unproved properties represent costs associated with properties on which the
Company  is  performing  exploration  activities  or intends  to  commence  such
activities.  These costs are reviewed  periodically for possible  impairments or
reduction in value based on geological and  geophysical  data. If a reduction in
value has occurred,  costs being amortized are increased.  The Company  believes
that  the  unproved  properties  will  be  substantially  evaluated  in  six  to
thirty-six months and it will begin to amortize these costs at such time. During
2000, 2001 and 2002 the Company  capitalized  $451,000,  $164,000 and $45,000 of
interest  expense related to continuing  operations  respectively,  based on the
cost of major development projects in progress.

Other Property and Equipment

     Other   property  and   equipment  are  recorded  on  the  basis  of  cost.
Depreciation  of other  property and  equipment is provided  over the  estimated
useful lives using the straight-line  method. Major renewals and betterments are
recorded as additions to the property and  equipment  accounts.  Repairs that do
not improve or extend the useful lives of assets are expensed.

Hedging

     The Company periodically enters into agreements to hedge the risk of future
crude oil and natural gas price fluctuations. Such agreements,  primarily in the
form of price swaps,  may either fix or support crude oil and natural gas prices
or limit the impact of price  fluctuations with respect to the Company's sale of
crude oil and  natural  gas.  Gains and losses on such  hedging  activities  are
recognized in oil and gas  production  revenues when hedged  production is sold.
The net cash flows related to any  recognized  gains or losses  associated  with
these  hedges  are  reported  as cash  flows  from  operations.  If the hedge is
terminated prior to expected maturity, gains or losses are deferred and included
in income in the same period as the physical production required by the contract
is delivered.

     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards,  ("SFAS") No. 133, "Accounting
for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities", is effective for the Company
on January 1, 2001. SFAS 133, as amended and interpreted, establishes accounting
and reporting standards for derivative instruments, including certain derivative
instruments  embedded  in  other  contracts,  and for  hedging  activities.  All
derivatives,  whether  designated  in  hedging  relationships  or  not,  will be
required to be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. If the derivative is
designated a fair-value  hedge,  the changes in the fair value of the derivative
and the  hedged  item will be  recognized  in  earnings.  If the  derivative  is
designated a cash-flow  hedge,  changes in the fair value of the derivative will
be recorded in other  comprehensive  income (OCI) and will be  recognized in the
income  statement  when the hedged item affects  earnings.  SFAS 133 defines new
requirements for designation and documentation of hedging  relationships as well
as ongoing  effectiveness  assessments in order to use hedge  accounting.  For a
derivative  that does not  qualify  as a hedge,  changes  in fair  value will be
recognized in earnings.

Stock-Based Compensation

     The Company accounts for stock-based compensation using the intrinsic value
method  prescribed  in  Accounting  Principles  Board  Opinion  ("APB")  No. 25,
"Accounting  for  Stock  Issued  to  Employees,"  and  related  interpretations.
Accordingly,  compensation  cost for stock options is measured as the excess, if
any, of the quoted market price of the Company's  stock at the date of the grant
over the amount an employee must pay to acquire the stock.

         Effective July 1, 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
("FASB") issued FIN 44, "Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock
Compensation", an interpretation of APB No. 25. Under the interpretation,
certain modifications to fixed stock option awards which were made subsequent to
December 15, 1998, and were not exercised prior to July 1, 2000, require that
the awards be accounted for as variable until they are exercised, forfeited, or
expired. In March 1999, the Company amended the exercise price to $2.06 on all
options with an existing exercise price greater than $2.06. See Note 8. The
Company recognized approximately $2.8 million in expense during 2000 and a
credit of $2.8 million during 2001 as General and Administrative (Stock-based
compensation). The credit for the year ended December 31, 2001 was due to a
decline in the Company's common stock price.

     Pro forma  information  regarding net income (loss) and earnings (loss) per
share is required by SFAS 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation",  which
also requires that the information be determined as if the Company has accounted
for its employee stock options granted subsequent to December 31, 1995 under the
fair value method  prescribed by that SFAS. The fair value for these options was
estimated at the date of grant using a  Black-Scholes  option pricing model with
the following  weighted-average  assumptions for 2000, 2001 and 2002,  risk-free
interest rates of 6.25%, 3.50% and 1.5%, respectively;  dividend yields of -0-%;


                                      F-12
<PAGE>

volatility factors of the expected market price of the Company's common stock of
.916, .35 and .35,  respectively;  and a  weighted-average  expected life of the
option of ten years.

     The  Black-Scholes   option  valuation  model  was  developed  for  use  in
estimating the fair value of traded  options which have no vesting  restrictions
and are fully  transferable.  In addition,  option  valuation models require the
input of highly  subjective  assumptions  including  the  expected  stock  price
volatility.  Because the Company's  employee stock options have  characteristics
significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the
subjective input assumptions can materially  affect the fair value estimate,  in
management's  opinion, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable
single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.

     For  purposes of pro forma  disclosures,  the  estimated  fair value of the
options is amortized to expense over the options' vesting period.  The Company's
pro forma information follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31
                                                              -------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                         2002                   2001                  2000
                                                                  -------------------     -----------------     -----------------
<S>                                                           <C>                     <C>                   <C>
Net income as reported                                        $           (118,527)   $         (19,718)    $           8,449
Add: Stock-based  employee  compensation expense included in
   reported net income, net of related tax effects
                                                                                 -               (2,767)                2,767
Deduct:  Total  stock-based  employee  compensation  expense
   determined  under fair value based method for all awards,
   net of related tax effects                                                 (670)              (1,284)               (1,127)
                                                                  -------------------     -----------------     -----------------
 Pro forma net income (loss)                                   $           (119,197)   $        (23,769)     $          10,089
                                                                  ===================     =================     =================

Earnings (loss) per share:
   Basic - as reported                                         $               (3.95)  $          (0.76)     $            0.37
                                                                  ===================     =================     =================
   Basic - pro forma                                           $               (3.98)  $          (0.92)     $            0.45
                                                                  ===================     =================     =================

   Diluted - as reported                                       $               (3.95)  $          (0.76)     $            0.26
                                                                  ===================     =================     =================
   Diluted - pro forma                                         $               (3.98)  $          (0.92)     $            0.31
                                                                  ===================     =================     =================

</TABLE>

Foreign Currency Translation

     The functional currency for Canadian Abraxas and Grey Wolf (Old and New) is
the Canadian dollar ($CDN). The Company translates the functional  currency into
U.S.  dollars ($US) based on the current  exchange rate at the end of the period
for the  balance  sheet  and a  weighted  average  rate  for the  period  on the
statement of operations.  Translation  adjustments  are reflected as Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) in Stockholders' Equity (Deficit).  See Note 2
for Canadian  subsidiaries  sold in 2003. A portion of the  translation  account
will be eliminated at the closing of the sale in 2003.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

     The Company  includes fair value  information in the notes to  consolidated
financial  statements  when  the  fair  value of its  financial  instruments  is
materially  different from the book value. The Company assumes the book value of
those financial  instruments  that are classified as current  approximates  fair
value  because  of the  short  maturity  of these  instruments.  For  noncurrent
financial  instruments,  the Company uses quoted market prices or, to the extent
that there are no available  quoted  market  prices,  market  prices for similar
instruments.

Restoration, Removal and Environmental Liabilities

     The estimated costs of restoration and removal of facilities are accrued on
a straight-line basis over the life of the property.  The estimated future costs
for known environmental remediation requirements are accrued when it is probable
that a liability  has been incurred and the amount of  remediation  costs can be
reasonably estimated. These amounts are the undiscounted, future estimated costs
under existing regulatory requirements and using existing technology.

                                      F-13
<PAGE>
Revenue Recognition

     The Company  recognizes crude oil and natural gas revenue from its interest
in producing wells as crude oil and natural gas is sold from those wells, net of
royalties.  Revenue  from the  processing  of natural gas is  recognized  in the
period the  service is  performed.  The  Company  utilizes  the sales  method to
account for gas  production  volume  imbalances.  Under this  method,  income is
recorded  based on the  Company's net revenue  interest in production  taken for
delivery. The Company had no material gas imbalances.

Deferred Financing Fees

     Deferred financing fees are being amortized on a level yield basis over the
term of the related debt arrangements.

 Income Taxes

     The Company  records  income taxes using the liability  method.  Under this
method,  deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences
between  financial  reporting  and tax bases of assets and  liabilities  and are
measured  using the  enacted  tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the
differences are expected to reverse.

New Accounting Pronouncements

     In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued SFAS
No. 141, Business Combinations, which requires the purchase method of accounting
for  business  combinations  initiated  after June 30, 2001 and  eliminates  the
pooling-of-interests  method.  In July 2001,  the FASB also issued SFAS No. 142,
Goodwill  and Other  Intangible  Assets,  which  discontinues  the  practice  of
amortizing  goodwill and  indefinite  lived  intangible  assets and initiates an
annual review for impairment.  Intangible assets with a determinable useful life
will  continue to be amortized  over that period.  The  amortization  provisions
apply to goodwill  and  intangible  assets  acquired  after June 30,  2001.  The
Company has applied these standards to its purchase of the minority  interest in
Old Grey Wolf.

     In June  2001,  the  FASB  issued  SFAS  No.  143,  "Accounting  for  Asset
Retirement  Obligations".  SFAS No. 143 addresses  accounting  and reporting for
obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets and the
associated asset retirement  costs.  SFAS No. 143 is effective for us January 1,
2003.  SFAS No. 143 requires  that the fair value of a liability  for an asset's
retirement  obligation be recorded in the period in which it is incurred and the
corresponding  cost capitalized by increasing the carrying amount of the related
long-lived  asset.  The  liability  is accreted to its then  present  value each
period,  and the  capitalized  cost is  depreciated  over the useful life of the
related asset. If the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded
amount,  a gain or loss  is  recognized.  For  all  periods  presented,  we have
included  estimated  future costs of abandonment and  dismantlement  in our full
cost  amortization base and amortize these costs as a component of our depletion
expense.

     We  have  completed  our  assessment  of SFAS  No.  143  and  based  on our
estimates,  we do not expect  the  statement  to have a  material  effect on our
financial position,  results of operations and cash flows for future periods. At
January  1,  2003 , we  estimate  that the  present  value of our  future  Asset
Retirement  Obligation  ("ARO")  for natural  gas and oil  property  and related
equipment is approximately  $657,000.  We estimate that the cumulative effect to
the adoption of SFAS No. 143 and the change in the accounting  principal will be
a loss of  $285,000,  which will be recorded in the first  quarter of 2003.  The
impact on each of the prior periods was not material.

     In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment
or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, which requires a single accounting model to be
used  for  long-lived  assets  to be  sold  and  broadens  the  presentation  of
discontinued  operations  to include a "component  of an entity"  (rather than a
segment of a business).  A component of an entity comprises  operations and cash
flows  that  can be  clearly  distinguished,  operationally  and  for  financial
reporting  purposes,  from the rest of the entity. A component of an entity that
is  classified  as held for sale,  or has been  disposed  of, is  presented as a
discontinued operation if the operations and cash flows of the component will be
(or have been)  eliminated  from the  ongoing  operations  of the entity and the
entity will not have any significant continuing involvement in the operations of
the component. The Company adopted SFAS 144, consequently, the operating results
of Canadian operations,  which were held for sale at December 31, 2002 (and sold
after year end) are included in discontinued operations - see Note 2.

     In April 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 145, "Rescission of FASB No. 4, 44,
and 64, Amendments of FASB Statement No. 13 and Technical Corrections." SFAS No.
145  clarifies  guidance  related  to the  reporting  of gains and  losses  from
extinguishment  of debt and  resolves  inconsistencies  related to the  required
accounting  treatment of certain lease  modifications.  SFAS No. 145 also amends
other existing  pronouncements  to make various technical  corrections,  clarify
meanings  or  describe  their  applicability   under  changed  conditions.   The
provisions  relating to the reporting of gains and losses from extinguishment of


                                      F-14
<PAGE>

debt become  effective  for us beginning  January 1, 2003 with earlier  adoption
encouraged.  All other  provisions of this standard have been  effective for the
Company  as of May 15,  2002  and  did  not  have a  significant  impact  on the
Company's financial condition or results of operations.

     In June  2002,  the  FASB  issued  SFAS  No.  146,  "Accounting  for  Costs
Associated  with Exit or  Disposal  Activities."  SFAS No.  146  requires  costs
associated  with exit of  disposal  activities  to be  recognized  when they are
incurred rather than at the date of commitment to an exit or disposal plan. SFAS
No. 146 is effective for us beginning  January 1, 2003. The Company is currently
evaluating  the impact the standard will have on its results of  operations  and
financial condition.

     In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 148, "Accounting for Stock-based
Compensation--Transition  and  Disclosure,  an amendment of FASB  Statement  No.
123," which amends SFAS No. 123 to provide alternative methods of transition for
a voluntary  change to the fair value based method of accounting for stock-based
employee compensation.  It also amends the disclosure provisions of SFAS No. 123
to require prominent  disclosure in both annual and interim financial statements
about the method of accounting for  stock-based  employee  compensation  and the
effect of the method used on reported  results.  The  provisions of SFAS No. 148
are  effective  for annual  financial  statements  for fiscal years ending after
December 15, 2002,  and for financial  reports  containing  condensed  financial
statements for interim  periods  beginning  after December 15, 2002. The Company
will continue to use APB No. 25 to account for stock based  compensation,  while
providing the disclosures required by SFAS 123 as amended by SFAS 148.

Reclassifications

     Certain  prior  years  balances  have  been  reclassified  for  comparative
purposes.

2.    Discontinued Operations

     In January 2003, the Company sold its wholly owned  Canadian  subsidiaries,
Old Grey Wolf and Canadian  Abraxas as part of a series of transactions  related
to a financial  restructuring - see Note 3 for additional  information regarding
an exchange offer,  redemption of certain notes and a new credit agreement.  The
operations of these  subsidiaries,  previously reported as a business segment in
prior years, is reported as a discontinued  operation for all periods  presented
in the accompanying financial statements and the operating results are reflected
separately from the results of continuing  operations.  Summarized  discontinued
operating  results and net loss for the years ended December 31, 2000,  2001 and
2002 were:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                           2000                2001                2002
                                                                       --------------      -------------     -----------------
<S>                                                                <C>                <C>                <C>
         Total revenue...........................................  $         43,714   $        41,468    $        32,013
         Loss from operations before income tax (see Note 18)....           (1,707)              (102)           (87,839)
         Income tax expense (benefit)............................                               1,897            (30,158)
                                                                               272
         Minority interest in income.............................           (1,281)            (1,676)                 -
                                                                       --------------      -------------     -----------------
         Loss from discontinued operations.......................  $        (3,260)   $        (3,675)   $       (57,681)
                                                                            (3,260)
                                                                       ==============      =============     =================


         Assets and liabilities of discontinued operations were as follows:
                                                                                                   December 31,
                                                                                           -----------------------------------
                                                                                               2001                2002
                                                                                           -------------     -----------------
         Assets:
         Cash                                                                         $           4,012  $          4,325
         Accounts receivable                                                                      4,042             4,940
         Net property                                                                           154,408            53,675
         Other                                                                                    1,440            11,307
                                                                                           -------------     -----------------
                                                                                      $         163,902  $         74,247
                                                                                           =============     =================
         Liabilities:
         Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                     $          10,391  $          7,279
         Long-tern debt                                                                          22,944            45,964
         Other                                                                                   24,217             3,454
                                                                                           -------------     -----------------
                                                                                      $          57,552  $         56,697
                                                                                           =============     =================
</TABLE>

     Included in the loss from  discontinued  operations are interest expense of
$8,296,  $7,601 and $9,461,  and general and  administrative  expense of $1,693,
$1,508  and  $1,698  for the  years  ended  December  31,  2000,  2001  and 2002


                                      F-15
<PAGE>

respectively.  The interest  expense  represents the amounts  relating to an Old
Grey Wolf  senior  credit  facility  which was  repaid in  conjunction  with the
transactions  described  in Note 3 and the  amounts  related  to the  balance of
certain  notes   (approximately  $52.6  million)  which  had  historically  been
reflected by Canadian  Abraxas.  At the time of the subsidiary sale, the balance
of the  outstanding  notes were  transferred  to the  parent and  subject to the
financial  restructuring  described  in Note 3. The general  and  administrative
expense of the  Canadian  subsidiaries  was  allocated  between  continuing  and
discontinued  operations by considering the on-going general and  administrative
cost associated with the Canadian properties retained by the Company.

3.       Recent  Events

     Exchange  Offer.  On January 23,  2003,  the Company  completed an exchange
offer,  pursuant to which it offered to exchange cash and  securities for all of
the  outstanding 11 1/2% Senior  Secured Notes due 2004,  Series A ("Second Lien
Notes") and 11 1/2% Senior  Notes due 2004,  Series D, ("Old  Notes")  issued by
Abraxas and Canadian  Abraxas.  In exchange for each $1,000  principal amount of
such notes tendered in the exchange offer, tendering noteholders received:

         o    cash in the amount of $264;

         o    an 11 1/2% Secured Note due 2007,  Series A, ("New  Notes") with a
              principal amount equal to $610; and

         o    31.36 shares of Abraxas common stock.

     At the time the exchange offer was made,  there were  approximately  $190.1
million of the Second Lien Notes and $800,000 of the Old Notes outstanding - see
Note 4. Holders of  approximately  94% of the  aggregate  outstanding  principal
amount of the Second Lien Notes and Old Notes  tendered their notes for exchange
in the offer.  Pursuant to the procedures  for  redemption  under the applicable
indenture  provisions,  the remaining 6% of the aggregate  outstanding principal
amount of the  Second  Lien  Notes and Old Notes  were  redeemed  at 100% of the
principal  amount plus  accrued and unpaid  interest,  for  approximately  $11.5
million  ($11.1  million  in  principal  and  $0.4  million  in  interest).  The
indentures for the Second Lien Notes and Old Notes have been duly discharged. In
connection with the exchange offer,  Abraxas made cash payments of approximately
$47.5 million and issued approximately $109.7 million in principal amount of New
Notes and 5,642,699 shares of Abraxas common stock.  Fees and expenses  incurred
in connection with the exchange offer were approximately $3.8 million. ($967,000
was  charged  to  expense  in 2002 and is  included  in  financing  costs in the
accompanying statement of operations). The balance will be charged to expense in
2003 as the cost are incurred.

     New Notes. The new notes will accrue interest from the date of issuance, at
a fixed annual rate of 11 1/2%,  payable in cash semi-annually on each May 1 and
November 1, commencing May 1, 2003,  provided that, if the Company fails, or are
not  permitted  pursuant  to the new  senior  secured  credit  agreement  or the
intercreditor  agreement  between the trustee  under the  indenture  for the New
Notes and the lenders under the new senior  secured  credit  agreement,  to make
such cash interest  payments in full, the Company will pay such unpaid  interest
in kind by the issuance of additional notes with a principal amount equal to the
amount of accrued and unpaid cash  interest on the notes plus an  additional  1%
accrued interest for the applicable period.  Upon an event of default,  interest
will accrue at an annual rate of 16.5%.  The New Notes are  guaranteed by all of
Abraxas' current  subsidiaries,  Sandia Oil & Gas Corp., Sandia Operating Corp.,
Wamsutter Holdings,  Inc., Western Associated Energy Corporation,  Eastside Coal
Company,  Inc.,  and New Grey Wolf,  and will be  guaranteed  by all of Abraxas'
future subsidiaries. The New Notes are secured by a second lien or charge on all
of the Company's current and future assets,  including,  but not limited to, its
crude oil and natural gas properties.

     Redemption of First Lien Notes. On January 24, 2003, the Company  completed
the redemption of 100% of our outstanding  12?% Senior Secured Notes,  Series A,
("First  Lien  Notes") - see Note 4, with  approximately  $66.4  million  of the
proceeds  from the sale of  Canadian  Abraxas  and Old Grey  Wolf.  Prior to the
redemption,  the Company had $63.5 million of its First Lien Notes  outstanding.
Under the terms of the  indenture  for the First Lien Notes the  Company had the
right to redeem the First Lien Notes at 100% of the outstanding principal amount
of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption, and to
discharge the  indenture  upon call of the First Lien Notes for  redemption  and
deposit of the redemption  funds with the trustee.  The Company  exercised these
rights on January 23, 2003 and upon the discharge of the indenture,  the trustee
released the collateral securing the Company's  obligations under the First Lien
Notes.

     New Senior Secured Credit Agreement.  Contemporaneously with the closing of
the  exchange  offer and the sale of  Canadian  Abraxas  and Old Grey  Wolf,  on
January 23, 2003,  Abraxas  entered into a new senior secured  credit  agreement
providing a term loan facility of $4.2 million and a revolving  credit  facility
with  a  maximum  borrowing  base  of up to  $50  million.  Subject  to  earlier
termination on the  occurrence of events of default or other events,  the stated


                                      F-16
<PAGE>

maturity date for both the term loan facility and the revolving  credit facility
is January 22, 2006. In the event of an early  termination,  we will be required
to pay a prepayment premium,  except in the limited  circumstances  described in
the  new  senior  secured  credit  agreement.  Outstanding  amounts  under  both
facilities  bear interest at the prime rate announced by Wells Fargo Bank,  N.A.
plus 4.5%.  Any  amounts in default  under the term loan  facility  will  accrue
interest at an additional 4%. At no time will the amounts  outstanding under the
new senior secured credit agreement bear interest at a rate less than 9%.

     Term Loan  Facility.  Abraxas has borrowed $4.2 million  pursuant to a term
loan  facility at January 23, 2003,  all of which was used to make cash payments
in connection with the financial restructuring.  Accrued interest under the term
loan facility will be capitalized and added to the principal  amount of the term
loan facility until maturity.

     Revolving  Credit  Facility.  Lenders under the new senior  secured  credit
agreement  have provided a revolving  credit  facility to Abraxas with a maximum
borrowing  base of up to $50  million.  Our  current  borrowing  base  under the
revolving  credit  facility is $49.9 million,  subject to  adjustments  based on
periodic  calculations and mandatory prepayments under the senior secured credit
agreement.  Portions of accrued interest under the revolving credit facility may
be  capitalized  and  added to the  principal  amount  of the  revolving  credit
facility.  At January 23, 2003, the Company has borrowed $42.5 million under the
revolving  credit  facility,  all of which  was used to make  cash  payments  in
connection  with  the  financial  restructuring.  The  Company  plans to use the
remaining  borrowing  availability under the new senior secured credit agreement
to fund its operations, including capital expenditures.

     Covenants.  Under the new  senior  secured  credit  agreement,  Abraxas  is
subject to customary  covenants and reporting  requirements.  Certain  financial
covenants require Abraxas to maintain minimum levels of consolidated  EBITDA (as
defined  in  the  new  senior  secured  credit  agreement),  minimum  ratios  of
consolidated  EBITDA to cash interest expense and a limitation on annual capital
expenditures.  In addition,  at the end of each fiscal quarter, if the aggregate
amount of our cash and cash  equivalents  exceeds $2.0  million,  the Company is
required to repay the loans under the new senior secured credit  agreement in an
amount  equal to such  excess.  The new senior  secured  credit  agreement  also
requires  the Company to enter into hedging  agreements  on not less than 25% or
more than 75% of our projected oil and gas  production.  We are also required to
establish deposit accounts at financial  institutions  acceptable to the lenders
and we are  required to direct our  customers  to make all  payments  into these
accounts.  The amounts in these accounts will be transferred to the lenders upon
the occurrence  and during the  continuance of an event of default under the new
senior secured credit agreement.

     In addition to the foregoing and other customary covenants,  the new senior
secured  credit  agreement  contains a number of  covenants  that,  among  other
things, restrict the Company's ability to:

         o    incur additional indebtedness;

         o    create or permit to be created any liens on any of our properties;

         o    enter into any change of control transactions;

         o    dispose of our assets;

         o    change our name or the nature of our business;

         o    make any  guarantees  with  respect  to the  obligations  of third
              parties;

         o    enter into any forward sales contracts;

         o    make any payments in connection with  distributions,  dividends or
              redemptions relating to our outstanding securities, or

         o    make investments or incur liabilities.

     Guarantees.  The obligations of Abraxas under the new senior secured credit
agreement are guaranteed by Sandia Oil & Gas, Sandia Operating,  Wamsutter,  New
Grey Wolf,  Western  Associated Energy and Eastside Coal.  Obligations under the
new senior  secured  credit  agreement  are  secured  by a first  lien  security
interest in substantially all of Abraxas' and the guarantors' assets,  including
all crude oil and natural gas properties.

     Events of Default. The new senior credit facility contains customary events
of default,  including  nonpayment  of  principal  or  interest,  violations  of
covenants,  inaccuracy of representations or warranties in any material respect,
cross default and cross acceleration to certain other indebtedness,  bankruptcy,
material  judgments and liabilities,  change of control and any material adverse
change in our financial condition.

                                      F-17
<PAGE>

     Sale of Stock of Canadian Abraxas and Old Grey Wolf. Contemporaneously with
the closing of the exchange  offer, on January 23, 2003,  Abraxas  completed the
sale  to a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  PrimeWest  Energy  Inc.  of all of the
outstanding   capital   stock  of  Canadian   Abraxas  and  Old  Grey  Wolf  for
approximately $138 million before net adjustments of $3.4 million. The aggregate
purchase price was allocated to the shares of capital stock of Canadian  Abraxas
and Old Grey Wolf as follows:

                        Number of Shares                    Purchase Price

Canadian Abraxas        5,751 common shares                   $68 million
Old Grey Wolf           12,804,628 common shares              $70 million
                                                       --------------------
                                Total Purchase Price:        $138 million
                                                       ====================

     After  purchase  price  adjustments  and  related  costs  and  expenses  of
approximately  $5.9 million were made,  the purchase price realized for the sale
of Canadian Abraxas and Old Grey Wolf was $132.1 .million.  Upon consummation of
the sale, Old Grey Wolf repaid the then current  outstanding  indebtedness under
its credit  agreement with Mirant Canada Energy  Capital,  Ltd. in the amount of
$46.3  million - see Note 4, which  reduced the net proceeds  from the sale by a
corresponding  amount.  The net cash proceeds from the sale were $85.8  million,
all of which has been utilized in connection  with the financial  restructuring.
The Company  estimates a gain on the sale of Canadian  Abraxas and Old Grey Wolf
of approximately $69 million at the time of closing in 2003.

     Under the terms of the  agreement  with  PrimeWest,  Abraxas  has  retained
certain oil and gas  properties  formerly held by Canadian  Abraxas and Old Grey
Wolf, including all of Canadian Abraxas' and Old Grey Wolf's undeveloped acreage
existing at the time of the sale,  which  includes  all of our  interests in the
Ladyfern area. These assets have been contributed to New Grey Wolf.  Portions of
this undeveloped  acreage will be developed by PrimeWest and New Grey Wolf under
a farmout arrangement.  Under the farmout arrangements,  PrimeWest has agreed to
participate in the development of certain lands of New Grey Wolf in the Caroline
and Pouce Coupe areas of Alberta. PrimeWest has the right to earn a 60% interest
in certain  wells if it bears 100% of the  expense of drilling  such  wells.  In
addition,  New Grey Wolf and PrimeWest  will have an area of mutual  interest in
respect  of the lands  surrounding  the  Caroline  area where each party will be
entitled to  participate  in the  acquisition  of the other,  with New Grey Wolf
participating  with  a 40%  interest  and  PrimeWest  participating  with  a 60%
interest.

4. Long-Term Debt

     As described in Note 3, the First Lien Notes were redeemed in January 2003.
The Old Notes and the Second Lien Notes were either  redeemed or  exchanged  for
cash, common stock and New Notes in January 2003. Additionally,  the 9.5% Mirant
Canada Energy  Capital,  Ltd.  credit  facility,  with a balance  outstanding at
December 31, 2002 of $45.9  million,  was repaid in connection  with the sale of
the  common  stock  of Old  Grey  Wolf  in  January  2003  and is  included  in,
liabilities related to assets held for sale as of December 31, 2002.

     The following is a brief  description  of the Company's debt for continuing
operations as of December 31, 2002. The pro forma unaudited information reflects
the impact of the financial restructuring transactions - see Note 3.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         Long-term debt consists of the following:
                                                                                                          Pro forma
                                                                                                        December 31,
                                                                                                          2002 (a)
                                                                                 December 31             (unaudited)
                                                                      -------------------------------------------------
                                                                            2001            2002
                                                                      -------------------------------------------------
                                                                                       (In thousands)
<S>                      <C>  <C>                                        <C>              <C>             <C>
  11.5% Senior Notes due 2004 ("Old Notes") .........................    $       801      $       801     $         -
  12.875% Senior Secured Notes due 2003 ("First Lien Notes") ........         63,500           63,500               -
  11.5% Second Lien Notes due 2004 ("Second Lien Notes").............        190,178          190,178               -
  11.5% Secured Notes due 2007 ("New Notes") - January 2003..........              -                -         128,600
  New Senior Secured Credit Agreement - January 2003.................              -                -          46,700
  Production Payment  ...............................................          8,176                -               -
                                                                      -------------------------------------------------
                                                                             262,655          254,479         175,300
  Less current maturities ...........................................            415           63,500               -
                                                                      -------------------------------------------------
                                                                         $   262,240      $   190,979     $   175,300
                                                                      =================================================
</TABLE>

                                      F-18
<PAGE>

(a) After transactions  described in Note 3, for financial  reporting  purposes,
the New Notes will be reflected  at the carrying  value of the Second Lien Notes
and Old Notes prior to the exchange of $191.0  million,  net of the cash offered
in the  exchange of $47.5  million and net of the fair market  value  related to
equity  of $3.8  million  offered  in the  exchange.  In  conjunction  with  the
financial restructuring s transaction, Abraxas paid cash of $11.5 million ($11.1
million in principal  and $0.4  million in  interest)  to redeem  certain of the
outstanding old debt and accrued interest. The result of all of these items will
be a  remaining  carrying  value of the New  Notes of $128.6  million.  The face
amount of the New Notes is $109.7  million.  See Note 3 for terms and conditions
of the New Notes and the New Senior Secured Credit Agreement.

     Old Notes. Interest on the Old Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on
May 1 and November 1 of each year at the rate of 11.5% per annum.  The Old Notes
are redeemable, in whole or in part, at the option of the Company.

     First Lien Notes. Interest on the First Lien Notes is payable semi-annually
in arrears on March 15 and  September 15 of each year at the rate of 12.875% per
annum.

     Second  Lien   Notes.   Interest  on  the  Second  Lien  Notes  is  payable
semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1, commencing May 1, 2000.

Production Payment

     In October 1999, the Company entered into a non-recourse dollar denominated
production payment agreement (the "Production  Payment") with a third party. The
Production  Payment had an aggregate total  availability of up to $50 million at
15% interest. The Production Payment related to a portion of the production from
several natural gas wells in South Texas. The Company  reacquired the Production
Payment in June 2002, for approximately $6.8 million.

Extraordinary Item

     In June 2000,  the Company  retired  $3.5 million of the Old Notes and $3.6
million of the Second Lien Notes at a discount of $1.8 million.

5. Acquisitions and Divestitures

Abraxas Wamsutter L.P. Divestiture

     In  November  1998,  the  Company  sold its  interest  in  certain  Wyoming
properties  to  Abraxas  Wamsutter  L.P.,  a  Texas  limited   partnership  (the
"Partnership"),  for approximately $58.6 million and a minority equity ownership
in the Partnership. Wamsutter Holdings, Inc. ("Wamsutter") initially owned a one
percent interest and acted as general partner of the Partnership. The investment
in the Partnership was accounted for by the equity method. After certain payback
requirements  were  satisfied,  the  Company's  interest  would  increase to 35%
initially  and could  increase to as high as 65%.  The Company  also  received a
management fee and  reimbursement of certain overhead costs from the Partnership
which amounted to $112,700 for the year ended December 31, 2000.

     In March 2000,  the  Partnership  sold all of its interest in its crude oil
and  natural  gas  properties  to a third  party.  Prior  to the  sale of  these
properties,  effective  January 1, 2000, the Company's  equity investee share of
oil and gas property  cost,  results of  operations  and  amortization  were not
material to consolidated  operations or financial  position.  As a result of the
sale,  the Company  received  approximately  $34 million,  which  represented  a
proportional  interest  in the  Partnership's  proved  properties.  See  Note 11
regarding  a  litigation  provision  in 2001 of  $845,000  related to ad valorem
taxes.

Acquisition of Minority Interest in Old Grey Wolf

     In September  2001,  the Company  completed a tender offer for the minority
interest in Old Grey Wolf, acquiring the approximately 52% of capital stock that
was not previously  owned by the Company.  The Company issued  3,990,565  common
shares and 588,916 stock options, valued together at approximately $9.2 million.
Additionally,  the Company incurred direct costs of  approximately  $2.7 million
related to the acquisition.  The elimination of the minority interest through an
acquisition  at a  purchase  price less than Old Grey  Wolf's  book value in the
Company's  consolidated  financial  statements  had the effect of  reducing  the
property and other assets  balances by $2.9 million and deferred income taxes by
$1.1 million.

                                      F-19
<PAGE>

         The Company sold all of the common stock in Old Grey Wolf in January
2003 - see Note 3.

6. Property and Equipment

         The major components of property and equipment, at cost, are as
follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                    Estimated                 December 31
                                                                                   ----------------------------------
                                                                   Useful Life          2001              2002
                                                                 ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
                                                                      Years                 (In thousands)
<S>                                                                     <C>           <C>           <C>
               Land, buildings, and improvements ..............         15            $       318   $          331
               Crude oil and natural gas properties ...........          -                295,206          306,024
               Equipment and other ............................          7                  2,269            2,382
                                                                                   ---------------- -----------------
                                                                                      $   297,793   $      308,737
                                                                                   ================ =================
</TABLE>

7.  Stockholders' Equity

Common Stock

     See Note 3 - Recent  Events for common stock issued in January 2003 as part
of an exchange offer.

     In 1994,  the Board of Directors  adopted a  Stockholders'  Rights Plan and
declared a dividend of one Common Stock Purchase Right ("Rights") for each share
of common stock. The Rights are not initially exercisable.  Subject to the Board
of Directors'  option to extend the period,  the Rights will become  exercisable
and will  detach  from the  common  stock ten days after any person has become a
beneficial owner of 20% or more of the common stock of the Company or has made a
tender offer or Exchange Offer (other than certain qualifying offers) for 20% or
more of the common stock of the Company.

     Once the Rights become exercisable,  each Right entitles the holder,  other
than the  acquiring  person,  to  purchase  for $40 a number  of  shares  of the
Company's  common stock  having a market value of two times the purchase  price.
The  Company  may redeem  the  Rights at any time for $.01 per Right  prior to a
specified  period of time after a tender or  Exchange  Offer.  The  Rights  will
expire in November 2004, unless earlier exchanged or redeemed.

Contingent Value Rights ("CVRs")

     As part of an exchange  offer  consummated by the Company in December 1999,
Abraxas issued  contingent  value rights or CVRs,  which entitled the holders to
receive up to a total of  105,408,978  of Abraxas  common  stock  under  certain
circumstances, as defined. In May 2001, Abraxas issued 3,386,488 shares upon the
expiration of the CVRs.

Treasury Stock

     In March 1996,  the Board of Directors  authorized the purchase in the open
market of up to 500,000 shares of the Company's  outstanding  common stock,  the
aggregate  purchase  price  not to  exceed  $3,500,000.  During  the year  ended
December  31,  2000,  38,800  shares  with an  aggregate  cost of  $78,000  were
purchased.  During the years ended  December 31, 2001 and 2002,  the Company did
not purchase any shares of its common stock for treasury stock.

8.  Stock Option Plans and Warrants

Stock Options

     The Company  grants options to its officers,  directors,  and key employees
under various stock option and incentive plans.

     During  2001,  the  Company's  stockholders  approved an  amendment  to the
Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  1994 Long Term  Incentive  Plan to increase the
number of shares of Abraxas common stock reserved for issuance under the plan to
5,000,000.  The additional  shares were  necessary to  accommodate  the grant of
Abraxas  options  to Old  Grey  Wolf  option  holders  in  connection  with  the
acquisition  of the minority  interest in Old Grey Wolf in  September  2001 (see
Note 5),  and for the  re-issuance  of  outstanding  options  granted  under the


                                      F-20
<PAGE>

Abraxas  Petroleum   Corporation  2000  Long  Term  Incentive  Plan,  which  was
terminated in 2001.  The options were  re-issued at the same exercise  price and
term as the original issuances.

     The  Company's  various  stock  option plans have  authorized  the grant of
options to  management,  employees  and directors  for up to  approximately  5.7
million shares of the Company's  common stock. All options granted have ten year
terms  and  vest and  become  fully  exercisable  over  three  to four  years of
continued  service at 25% to 33% on each anniversary  date. At December 31, 2002
approximately 2.2 million options remain available for grant.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         A summary of the Company's stock option activity, and related
information for the years ended December 31, follows:

                                       2000                           2001                           2002
                           -----------------------------  -----------------------------  -----------------------------
                                      Weighted-Average               Weighted-Average               Weighted-Average
                            Options    Exercise Price(     Options    Exercise Price     Options     Exercise Price
                            (000s)                         (000s)           (1)           (000s)
                           ---------- ------------------  ---------- ------------------  ---------  ------------------
<S>                           <C>           <C>              <C>           <C>              <C>           <C>
Outstanding-beginning of
   year ...................   1,890         $  1.82          4,042         $  3.37          4,942         $  3.28
Granted ...................   2,240            4.62            918            2.81            521            0.68
Exercised .................       -              -              (8)           1.95             -               -
Forfeited/Expired .........     (88)           1.89            (10)           1.79         (2,158)           4.84
                           ----------                     ----------                     ---------

Outstanding-end of year ...   4,042         $  3.37          4,942         $  3.28          3,305         $   .85
                           ==========                     ==========                     =========

Exercisable at end of year    1,067         $  1.99          2,259         $  2.65          2,136         $  1.91
                           ==========                     ==========                     =========

Weighted-average fair
   value of options
   granted during the year                  $  1.21                        $    1.19                      $  0.63
</TABLE>

(1)     In September  2001,  the Abraxas  Petroleum  Corporation  2000 Long Term
        Incentive Plan was  terminated,  and options granted under the plan were
        reissued  under  the  Abraxas  Petroleum   Corporation  1994  Long  Term
        Incentive Plan at the same option price and term.

     The following table  represents the range of option prices and the weighted
average remaining life of outstanding options as of December 31, 2002:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                              Options outstanding                               Exercisable
                                  --------------------------------------------     ---------------------------------------
                                                      Weighted      Weighted
                                                       average      average
                                          Number      remaining     exercise             Number         Weighted average
              Exercise price            outstanding    life          price           exercisable        exercise price
          ----------------------- ------------------- ------------ -----------     ----------------- ---------------------
<S>            <C>                        <C>             <C>        <C>                 <C>             <C>
               $0.50 - 0.97               795,000         8.8        $ 0.77              300,000         $     0.97
               $1.22 - 1.85               688,996         6.9          1.46              336,895               1.43
               $2.01 - 2.21             1,507,494         4.5          2.08            1,394,107               2.07
               $3.00 - 3.71                79,812         6.5          3.11               43,609               3.17
               $4.13 - 4.83               234,035         8.1          4.82               61,538               4.78
</TABLE>


Stock Awards

     In addition to stock options granted under the plans described  above,  the
1994   Long-Term   Incentive  Plan  also  provides  for  the  right  to  receive
compensation in cash,  awards of common stock, or a combination  thereof.  There
were no awards in 2000, 2001 or 2002.

     The Company also has adopted the Restricted  Share Plan for Directors which
provides for awards of common stock to non-employee directors of the Company who
did  not,  within  the  year  immediately  preceding  the  determination  of the
director's  eligibility,  receive any award under any other plan of the Company.
In 2000,  the Company made direct  awards of common stock of 12,753  shares,  at


                                      F-21
<PAGE>

weighted average fair value $0.94 per share.  The Company recorded  compensation
expense of $11,900 for the year ended  December 31,  2000.  There were no direct
awards of common stock in 2001 or 2002.

Stock Warrants and Other

     In  2000,  the  Company  issued  950,000  warrants  in  conjunction  with a
consulting  agreement.  Each is exercisable  for one share of common stock at an
exercise  price of  $3.50  per  share.  These  warrants  have a  four-year  term
beginning  July  1,  2000.  The  Company  recorded   approximately  $219,000  of
compensation  expense  which is included in Other  expense in 2000. In addition,
the Company  paid cash  compensation  of $360,000 and $191,000 in 2000 and 2001,
respectively, under the agreement.

     At December  31, 2002,  the Company has  approximately  6.4 million  shares
reserved for future issuance for conversion of its stock options,  warrants, and
incentive plans for the Company's directors, employees and consultants.

9.  Income Taxes

     Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary  differences
between the carrying  amounts of assets and liabilities for financial  reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of
the Company's deferred tax liabilities and assets are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                       December 31
                                                                                ---------------------------
                                                                                    2001          2002
                                                                                ------------- -------------
                                                                                      (In thousands)
<S>                                                                               <C>           <C>
 Deferred tax liabilities:
       U.S. full cost pool .....................................................  $  2,714      $      -
                                                                                ------------- -------------
     Total deferred tax liabilities ............................................     2,714
     Deferred tax assets:
       U.S. full cost pool......................................................         -         2,168
       Canadian full cost pool..................................................         -         1,967
       Depletion ...............................................................     2,035         2,778
       Net operating losses  ("NOL")............................................    39,393        58,811
       Investment in foreign subsidiaries.......................................         -        32,038
       Other ...................................................................       956         1,364
                                                                                ------------- -------------
     Total deferred tax assets .................................................    42,384        99,126
     Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ...............................   (39,670)      (99,126)
                                                                                ------------- -------------
     Net deferred tax assets ...................................................     2,714             -
                                                                                ------------- -------------
     Net deferred tax liabilities ..............................................  $      -      $      -
                                                                                ============= =============
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         Significant components of the provision (benefit) for income taxes are
as follows:

                                                                            2000          2001         2002
                                                                        -----------------------------------------
     Current:
<S>                                                                     <C>            <C>          <C>
       Federal..........................................................$          -   $     505    $       -
       Foreign .........................................................           -          -             -
                                                                        -----------------------------------------
                                                                        $          -   $     505    $       -
                                                                        =========================================
     Deferred:
       Federal .........................................................$     3,433    $      -     $       -
       Foreign .........................................................          -           -             -
                                                                        -----------------------------------------
                                                                        $     3,433    $      -     $       -
                                                                        =========================================
</TABLE>

     At December 31, 2002 the Company had,  subject to the limitation  discussed
below, $166.7 million of net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. tax purposes.
These loss carryforwards will expire from 2003 through 2022 if not utilized.  At
December  31,  2002,  the  Company  had  approximately  US $1.0  million  of net
operating loss carryforwards for Canadian tax purposes. These carryforwards will
expire from 2003 through 2009 if not utilized.  In  connection  with the January
2003  transactions  described in Note 3, certain of the loss carryforward may be
utilized.

                                      F-22
<PAGE>

         At December 31, 2002, the Company was no longer permanently reinvested
with respect to its foreign subsidiaries. As a result, the Company recorded net
deferred tax assets of $32.0 million related to its investment in foreign
subsidiaries, offset by an equivalent valuaton allowance due to uncertainties as
to the future utilization of these amounts.

     As a result of the acquisition of certain  partnership  interests and crude
oil and natural gas  properties  in 1990 and 1991,  an  ownership  change  under
Section 382 occurred in December 1991. Accordingly,  it is expected that the use
of the U.S. net operating  loss  carryforwards  generated  prior to December 31,
1991 of $3.2 million will be limited to approximately $235,000 per year.

     During 1992, the Company  acquired 100% of the common stock of an unrelated
corporation.  The  use of  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  of the  acquired
corporation of $257,000 acquired in the acquisition are limited to approximately
$115,000 per year.

     As a result of the  issuance  of  additional  shares  of  common  stock for
acquisitions  and sales of common stock,  an additional  ownership  change under
Section 382 occurred in October 1993.  Accordingly,  it is expected that the use
of all U.S. net operating  loss  carryforwards  generated  through  October 1993
(including those subject to the 1991 and 1992 ownership changes discussed above)
of  $6.6  million  will be  limited  as  described  above  and in the  following
paragraph.

     An ownership change under Section 382 occurred in December 1999,  following
the issuance of additional  shares,  as described in Note 5. It is expected that
the annual use of U.S. net operating loss carryforwards  subject to this Section
382 limitation will be limited to approximately  $363,000,  subject to the lower
limitations  described above.  Future changes in ownership may further limit the
use of the  Company's  carryforwards.  In 2000  assets  with built in gains were
sold,  increasing  the Section 382 limitation  for 2001 by  approximately  $31.0
million.

     The annual Section 382 limitation may be increased during any year,  within
5 years of a change in ownership,  in which  built-in  gains that existed on the
date of the change in ownership are recognized.

         In addition to the Section 382 limitations, uncertainties exist as to
the future utilization of the operating loss carryforwards under the criteria
set forth under FASB Statement No. 109. Therefore, the Company has established a
valuation allowance of $39.7 million and $99.1 million for deferred tax assets
at December 31, 2001 and 2002, respectively.

         The reconciliation of income tax attributable to continuing operations
computed at the U.S. federal statutory tax rates to income tax expense is:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                           December 31
                                               ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        2000                  2001                   2002
                                               -------------------------------------------- ------------------------
                                                                          (In thousands)
    <S>                    <C>                         <C>                    <C>                   <C>
   Tax (expense) benefit at U.S.
       statutory rates (35%) ..............        $      (4,679)         $       5,438         $      21,296
     (Increase) decrease in deferred tax
       asset valuation allowance ..........                1,373                 (4,907)              (59,456)
      NOL utilization - extraordinary gain                  (603)                     -                     -
     Higher effective rate of foreign
       operations..........................                   69                     91                   403
     Percentage depletion .................                  363                    596                   683
      Investment in foreign subsidiaries ..                    -                      -                35,604
     Other ................................                   44                 (1,723)                1,470
                                               -------------------------------------------- ------------------------
                                                   $      (3,433)         $        (505)        $           -
                                               ============================================ ========================
</TABLE>

10.      Related Party Transactions

     Accounts receivable - Other includes  approximately  $48,365 and $51,211 as
of  December  31,  2001 and 2002,  respectively,  representing  amounts due from
officers and stockholders relating to advances made to employees.

     Wind River Resources  Corporation ("Wind River"),  all of the capital stock
of which is owned by the Company's President,  owns a twin-engine airplane.  The


                                      F-23
<PAGE>

airplane is available for business use by the employees of the Company from time
to time. The Company paid Wind River a total of $336,000,  $314,000 and $345,000
in 2000, 2001 and 2002 respectively,  for Wind River's operating cost associated
with the Company's use of the plane.

11.  Commitments and Contingencies

Operating Leases

     During the years  ended  December  31,  2000,  2001 and 2002,  the  Company
incurred rent expense  related to leasing  office  facilities  of  approximately
$465,000,  $519,000 and $236,000,  respectively.  Future minimum rental payments
are as follows at December 31, 2002.

     2003 ...................................................    $   336,000
     2004 ...................................................        236,000
     2005 ...................................................        236,000
     2006 ...................................................        177,000
     Thereafter .............................................              -


Litigation and Contingencies

     In 2001  the  Company  and the  Partnership  (see  Note 5) were  named in a
lawsuit  filed in U.S.  District  Court in the  District of  Wyoming.  The claim
asserts breach of contract, fraud and negligent misrepresentation by the Company
related to the  responsibility  for year 2000 ad valorem  taxes on crude oil and
natural gas  properties  sold by the Company  and the  Partnership.  In February
2002, a summary judgment was granted to the plaintiff in this matter and a final
judgment  in the amount of $1.3  million was  entered.  The Company has filed an
appeal.  The Company  believes these charges are without merit.  The Company has
established a reserve in the amount of $845,000,  which represents the Company's
interest in the judgment. In 2002 the Company recorded $201,000 in other expense
representing its share of the ongoing legal cost related to this matter.

     In late 2000, the Company received a Final De Minimis Settlement Offer from
the United  States  Environmental  Protection  Agency  concerning  the  Casmalia
Disposal Site, Santa Barbara County, California. The Company's liability for the
cleanup at the Superfund site is based on a 1992  acquisition,  which is alleged
to have  transported or arranged for the  transportation  of oil field waste and
drilling muds to the Superfund site. The Company has engaged  California counsel
to  evaluate  the notice of  proposed  de minimis  settlement  and its notice of
potential  strict  liability  under the  Comprehensive  Environmental  Response,
Compensation and Liability Act. Defense of the action is handled through a joint
group of oil  companies,  all of which are claiming a petroleum  exclusion  that
limits  the  Company's  liability.  The  potential  financial  exposure  and any
settlement posture has yet not been developed,  but is considered by the Company
to be immaterial.

     Additionally,  from time to time,  the Company is  involved  in  litigation
relating  to  claims  arising  out of its  operations  in the  normal  course of
business.  At  December  31,  2002,  the  Company  was not  engaged in any legal
proceedings  that are  expected,  individually  or in the  aggregate,  to have a
material adverse effect on the Company.

12.  Earnings per Share

         The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted
earnings per share:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                             2000               2001               2002
                                                       ------------------ -----------------  ------------------
<S>                                                        <C>              <C>                <C>
Numerator:
     Numerator for basic and diluted earnings per
       share - net income (loss) before extraordinary
       item and discontinued operations................    $ 9,936,000      $ (16,043,000)     $ (60,846,000)

     Discontinued operations...........................     (3,260,000)        (3,675,000)       (57,681,000)

     Extraordinary item................................      1,773,000                  -                  -
                                                       ------------------ -----------------  ------------------
     Numerator for basic and diluted earnings per
       share - net income (loss) available to common
       stockholders ...................................    $ 8,449,000      $ (19,718,000)    $ (118,527,000)
                                                       ================== =================  ==================

                                      F-24
<PAGE>
Denominator:
     Denominator for basic earnings per share -
       weighted-average shares ........................     22,615,777         25,788,571         29,979,397
     Effect of dilutive securities:
       Stock options, warrants and CVRs................     10,011,987                  -                  -
                                                       ------------------ -----------------  ------------------

     Dilutive potential common shares Denominator for
        diluted earnings per share
       - adjusted weighted-average shares and assumed
       conversions.....................................     32,627,764         25,788,571         29,979,397
                                                       ================== =================  ==================

   Basic earnings (loss) per share:
        Net income (loss) before extraordinary item....   $      0.43        $      (0.62)      $     (2.03)
        Discontinued operations........................         (0.14)              (0.14)            (1.92)
        Extraordinary item.............................          0.08                  -                  -
                                                       ------------------ -----------------  ------------------
         Net income (loss) per common share..........     $      0.37        $      (0.76)      $     (3.95)
                                                       ================== =================  ==================
     Diluted earnings (loss) per share:
         Net income (loss) from continuing operations
     before extraordinary item.........................   $      0.31        $      (0.62)       $    (2.03)
         Discontinued operations.......................         (0.10)                (0.14)          (1.92)
         Extraordinary item............................          0.05                  -                  -
                                                       ------------------ -----------------  ------------------
          Net income (loss) per common share - diluted.   $      0.26        $      (0.76)      $     (3.95)
                                                       ================== =================  ==================
</TABLE>

     For the year ended December 31, 2002,  2001 and 2000 , 5.9 million  shares,
4.3 million shares and 3.0 million shares  respectively,  were excluded from the
calculation of diluted  earnings per share since their inclusion would have been
anti-dilutive.

13.  Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)

     Selected  results of operations from continuing  operations for each of the
fiscal  quarters  during  the  years  ended  December  31,  2001 and 2002 are as
follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                  1st              2nd               3rd                4th
                                                Quarter          Quarter           Quarter            Quarter
                                             --------------- ----------------   --------------- --------------------
                                                             (In thousands, except per share data)
<S>                                             <C>             <C>                <C>             <C>
Year Ended December 31, 2001
   Net revenue - as previously reported ..      $   29,086      $   21,116         $   14,901      $   12,140
   Net revenue -  discontinued operations.         (15,869)        (11,298)            (7,124)         (7,177)
                                             --------------- ----------------   --------------- --------------------
   Net revenue- continuing operations.....          13,217           9,818              7,777           4,963
                                             --------------- ----------------   --------------- --------------------
   Operating income (loss) - as
     previously reported .................          12,112           9,002              2,113          (4,102)
   Operating income (loss) - discontinued
     operations...........................          (7,403)         (3,437)               171           2,809
                                             --------------- ----------------   --------------- --------------------
   Operating income (loss) - continuing
     operation............................           4,709           5,565              2,284          (1,293)
                                             --------------- ----------------   --------------- --------------------
   Net income (loss) .....................             255          (1,274)            (5,849)        (12,850)
   Net income (loss) per common share-
     basic ...............................      $    0.01       $    (0.05)        $    (0.22)     $    (0.43)
   Net income (loss) per common share-
     diluted .............................      $    0.01       $    (0.05)        $    (0.22)     $     (0.43)
Year Ended December 31, 2002
   Net revenue - as previously reported...      $   11,807      $   14,235         $   11,061      $    17,217
   Net revenue - discontinued operations..          (7,191)         (8,476)            (6,049)         (10,297)
                                             --------------- ----------------   --------------- --------------------


                                      F-25
<PAGE>

   Net revenue - continuing operations....           4,616           5,759              5,012            6,920
                                             --------------- ----------------   --------------- --------------------
   Operating income (loss) - as
     previously reported ...........                  (735)       (115,879)               490            4,760
   Operating income (loss) - discontinued
     operations.....................                     6         (82,597)             1,050            3,933
                                             --------------- ----------------   --------------- --------------------
   Operating income (loss) - continuing
     operations.....................                  (741)        (33,282)              (560)             827
                                             --------------- ----------------   --------------- --------------------
   Net income (loss) ...............             $  (8,699)     $  (95,690)       $    (8,438)     $    (5,700)
   Net income (loss) per common share-
     basic and diluted .............             $   (0.29)     $    (3.19)       $     (0.26)     $     (0.19)
                                             =============== ================   =============== ====================
</TABLE>


     During  the  second  quarter  of  2002,  the  Company  incurred  a  ceiling
limitation  write-down of $116.0 million,  $32.9 million  relating to continuing
operations and $83.1 million  relating to  discontinued  operations.  During the
fourth quarter of 2001, the Company incurred a ceiling limitation  write-down of
$2.6 million  relating to discontinued  operations,  which was determined  using
realized  prices at March 22, 2002. Had year-end 2001 realized prices been used,
the write-down would have been $71.3 million.

14.  Benefit Plans

     The Company has a defined  contribution plan (401(k)) covering all eligible
employees of the Company.  The Company did not contribute to the plan in 2001 or
2002. The employee  contribution  limitations are determined by formulas,  which
limit the upper  one-third of the plan members  from  contributing  amounts that
would cause the plan to be top-heavy.  The employee  contribution  is limited to
the lesser of 20% of the employee's annual compensation or $11,000.

15.  Guarantor Condensed Consolidation Financial Statements.

     The following  table  presents  condensed  consolidating  balance sheets of
Abraxas, as a parent company, and its significant subsidiaries, Canadian Abraxas
and  Old  Grey  Wolf,  as  of  December  31,  2001  and  2002  and  the  related
consolidating  statements  of  operations  and cash  flows for the  years  ended
December 31, 2000, 2001 and 2002.  Canadian  Abraxas is a guarantor of the First
Lien Notes ($63.5 million) and jointly and severally liable with Abraxas for the
Second Lien Notes ($190.2 million) and the Old Notes  ($801,000).  Old Grey Wolf
is a non-guarantor with respect to the First Lien Notes and the Old Notes.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                Condensed Consolidating Parent Company, Restricted Subsidiaries and Non-Guarantor Balance Sheet
                                                       December 31, 2002
                                                        (In thousands)

                                                      Abraxas                         Non-                          Abraxas
                                                     Petroleum      Restricted      Guarantor     Reclassifi-      Petroleum
                                                   Corporation      Subsidiary     Subsidiary       cations       Corporation
                                                    Inc. Parent    (Canadian       (Old Grey          and             and
                                                     Company(1)      Abraxas)         Wolf)       eliminations    Subsidiaries
                                                  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>          <C>               <C>        <C>                  <C>
Assets:
Current assets:
   Cash ....................................          $   557      $         -       $       -  $         -          $    557
   Accounts receivable, less allowance for
     doubtful accounts......................             4,482          10,539           2,165      (11,157)            6,029
   Equipment inventory .....................               860             142              19             -            1,021
   Other current assets ....................               316               -               -             -              316
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         6,215          10,681           2,184      (11,157)            7,923
   Assets held for sale.....................                 -          25,515          48,732             -           74,247
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total current assets...................             6,215          36,196          50,916      (11,157)           82,170
Property and equipment - net................            74,435          11,144          10,347             -           95,926
Deferred financing fees, net  ..............             2,970               -               -             -            2,970
Other assets ...............................           108,558               -               -     (108,199)              359
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total assets ............................         $ 192,178     $    47,340       $  61,263  $ ( 119,35)       $   181,425
                                                  =============================================================================

                                      F-26
<PAGE>
Liabilities and Stockholder's deficit:
Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable .............................     $ 15,928          $    -       $     894    $  (11,014)     $    5,808
   Accrued interest .............................        5,000               -             -               -           5,000
   Other accrued expenses .......................        1,162               -             -               -           1,162
   Current maturities of long-term debt .........       63,500               -             -               -          63,500
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        85,590               -           894         (11,014)         75,470
Liabilities related to assets held for sale......            -           4,427        52,270               -          56,697
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total current liabilities...................       85,590           4,427        53,164         (11,014)        132,167
Long-term debt ..................................      138,350          52,629             -               -         190,979
Future site restoration  ........................            -             519            14               -             533
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       223,940          57,575        53,178         (11,014)        323,679
Stockholders' equity (deficit)...................      (31,762)        (10,235)        8,085        (108,342)       (142,254)
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit)   192,178     $     47,340      $  61,263    $ (119,356)     $  181,425
                                                   =============================================================================
</TABLE>

(1)      Includes amounts for insignificant U.S. subsidiaries, Sandia and
         Wamsutter, which are guarantors of the First and Second Lien Notes.
         Sandia is also a guarantor of the Old Notes. Additionally, these
         subsidiaries are designated as Restricted Subsidiaries along with
         Canadian Abraxas.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                Condensed Consolidating Parent Company, Restricted Subsidiaries and Non-Guarantor Balance Sheet
                                                       December 31, 2001
                                                        (In thousands)

                                                      Abraxas                         Non-                          Abraxas
                                                     Petroleum      Restricted      Guarantor     Reclassifi-      Petroleum
                                                   Corporation      Subsidiary     Subsidiary       cations       Corporation
                                                    Inc. Parent    (Canadian       (Old Grey          and             and
                                                     Company(1)      Abraxas)         Wolf)       eliminations    Subsidiaries
                                                  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>          <C>               <C>        <C>               <C>
Assets:
Current assets:
   Cash ....................................          $    3,593   $         -       $       -  $         -       $     3,593
   Accounts receivable, less allowance for
     doubtful accounts......................              17,184             -           9,905      (23,028)            4,061
   Equipment inventory .....................               1,061             -               -             -            1,061
   Other current assets ....................                 250             -               -             -              250
                                                   ------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------
                                                          22,088             -           9,905      (23,028)            8,965
Assets held for sale........................                  -        115,528          48,374                        163,902
                                                   ------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------
     Total current assets...................              22,088       115,528          58,279      (23,028)          172,867
Property and equipment - net................             116,462        10,314             710             -          127,486
Deferred financing fees, net  ..............               2,779             -               -             -            2,779
Other assets ...............................             108,801           784               -     (109,101)              484
                                                   ------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------
   Total assets ............................          $  250,130   $   126,626        $ 58,989    $(132,129)      $   303,616
                                                   ============================== ==============================================
Liabilities and Stockholder's deficit:
Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable .............................     $   10,642   $    16,723       $     662    $  (22,985)     $    5,042
   Accrued interest .............................          5,000             -             -               -           5,000
   Other accrued expenses .......................          1,052             -             -               -           1,052
   Hedge liability ..............................            438             -             -               -             438
   Current maturities of long-term debt .........            415             -             -               -             415
                                                   ------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------
                                                          17,547        16,723           662         (22,985)         11,947
   Liabilities related to assets held for sale...               -       22,170        35,382               -          57,552
                                                   ------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------
     Total current liabilities...................         17,547        38,893        36,044         (22,985)         69,499
Long-term debt ..................................        209,611        52,629             -               -         262,240
Future site restoration  ........................             -            462             -               -             462


                                      F-27
<PAGE>

                                                   ------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------
                                                          227,158       91,984        36,044         (22,985)        332,201
Stockholders' equity (deficit)...................          22,972       34,642        22,945        (109,144)        (28,585)
                                                   ------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity
(deficit)........................................     $   250,130  $   126,626       $  58,989    $ (132,129)     $  303,616
                                                   ============================== ==============================================
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

           Condensed Consolidating Parent Company, Restricted Subsidiary and Non-Guarantor Statement of Operations
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2002
                                                       (In thousands)

                                                      Abraxas                         Non-                          Abraxas
                                                     Petroleum      Restricted      Guarantor     Reclassifi-      Petroleum
                                                   Corporation      Subsidiary     Subsidiary       cations       Corporation
                                                    Inc. Parent    (Canadian       (Old Grey          and             and
                                                     Company(1)      Abraxas)         Wolf)       eliminations    Subsidiaries
                                                  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                    <C>           <C>             <C>       <C>                <C>
Revenues:
   Oil and gas production revenues ...............     $ 20,835      $       -       $   766   $        -         $ 21,601
   Rig revenues ..................................          635              -             -            -              635
   Other  ........................................           71              -             -            -               71
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         21,541              -           766            -            22,307
Operating costs and expenses:
   Lease operating and production taxes ..........        7,639              -           271            -             7,910
   Depreciation, depletion, and amortization .....        9,194              -           460            -             9,654
   Proved property impairment ....................       28,178          3,425         1,247            -            32,850
   Rig operations ................................          567              -             -            -               567
   General and administrative ...................         4,045              -         1,037            -             5,082
                                                   ------------------------------ --------------------------------------------
                                                         49,623          3,425         3,015            -            56,063
                                                   ------------------------------ --------------------------------------------
Operating income (loss)...........................      (28,082)        (3,425)       (2,249)           -           (33,756)

Other (income) expense:
   Interest income ...............................          (92)            -              -            -              (92)
   Amortization of deferred financing fees........        1,325             -              -            -             1,325
   Interest expense...............................       24,689             -              -            -            24,689
   Other .........................................        1,168             -              -            -             1,168
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           27,090            -             -            -            27,090
                                                   ------------------------------ --------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations before
   income tax ....................................        (55,172)       (3,425)     (2,249)            -          (60,846)
Income tax expense (benefit)......................              -             -            -            -                 -
Loss from discontinued operations.................              -       (44,448)    (13,233)            -           (57,681)
                                                   ------------------------------ --------------------------------------------
Net  income (loss)................................     $  (55,172)  $   (47,873)   $(15,482)   $          -    $   (118,527)
                                                   ============================== ============================================
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
           Condensed Consolidating Parent Company, Restricted Subsidiary and Non-Guarantor Statement of Operations
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2001
                                                       (In thousands)

                                                      Abraxas                         Non-                          Abraxas
                                                     Petroleum      Restricted      Guarantor     Reclassifi-      Petroleum
                                                   Corporation      Subsidiary     Subsidiary       cations       Corporation
                                                    Inc. Parent    (Canadian       (Old Grey          and             and
                                                     Company(1)      Abraxas)         Wolf)       eliminations    Subsidiaries
                                                  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>                 <C>       <C>            <C>             <C>
Revenues:
   Oil and gas production revenues ...............    $  34,934           $  -      $      -       $    -          $ 34,934
   Gas processing revenues .......................           -               -             -            -                 -
   Rig revenues ..................................          756              -             -            -              756
   Other  ........................................           85              -             -            -               85
                                                   ------------------------------ --------------------------------------------
                                                         35,775              -             -            -            35,775

                                      F-28
<PAGE>
Operating costs and expenses:
   Lease operating and production taxes ..........        9,302              -             -            -             9,302
   Depreciation, depletion, and amortization .....       12,336              -             -            -            12,336
   Rig operations ................................          702              -             -            -               702
   General and administrative ....................        3,742              -         1,195            -             4,937
   General and administrative (Stock-based
     Compensation)................................       (2,767)             -             -            -            (2,767)
                                                   ------------------------------ --------------------------------------------
                                                         23,315              -         1,195            -            24,510
                                                   ------------------------------ --------------------------------------------
 Operating income (loss)..........................       12,460              -        (1,195)           -            11,265

Other (income) expense:
   Interest income ...............................          (78)             -             -            -              (78)
   Amortization of deferred financing fees........        1,907              -             -            -             1,907
   Interest expense...............................       23,922              -             -            -            23,922
   Other .........................................        1,052              -             -            -             1,052
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         26,803              -             -            -            26,803
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations before                                                         -
   income tax ..................................        (14,343)                      (1,195)           -           (15,538)
Income tax expense (benefit)......................          505              -            -             -               505
Loss from discontinued operations.................           -           (6,512)       2,837            -            (3,675)
                                                   ------------------------------ --------------------------------------------
Net  income (loss)................................   $  (14,848)    $    (6,512)     $ 1,642   $        -       $   (19,718)
                                                   ============================== ============================================
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


             Condensed Consolidating Parent Company, Restricted Subsidiary and Non-Guarantor Statement of Operations
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2000
                                                         (In thousands)

                                                      Abraxas                         Non-                          Abraxas
                                                     Petroleum      Restricted      Guarantor     Reclassifi-      Petroleum
                                                   Corporation      Subsidiary     Subsidiary       cations       Corporation
                                                    Inc. Parent    (Canadian       (Old Grey          and             and
                                                     Company(1)      Abraxas)         Wolf)       eliminations    Subsidiaries
                                                  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>            <C>             <C>        <C>               <C>
Revenues:
   Oil and gas production revenues ...............    $    32,165    $       -       $      -   $         -       $     32,165
   Rig revenues ..................................            505            -              -             -                505
   Other  ........................................            216            -              -             -                216
                                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           32,886            -              -             -             32,886
Operating costs and expenses:
   Lease operating and production taxes ..........          7,755            -              -             -              7,755
   Depreciation, depletion, and amortization .....         12,328            -              -             -             12,328
   Rig operations ................................            717            -              -             -                717
   General and administrative ....................          4,115            -            725             -              4,840
   General and administrative (Stock-based
     Compensation)................................          2,767            -              -             -               2,767
                                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           27,682             -           725             -              28,407
                                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating income (loss)...........................          5,204                        (725)            -               4,479

Other (income) expense:
   Interest income ...............................           (530)            -             -             -               (530)
   Amortization of deferred financing fees........          1,660             -             -             -              1,660
   Interest expense ..............................         22,847             -             -             -             22,847
   Gain on sale of equity investment .............        (33,983)            -             -             -            (33,983)
   Other .........................................          1,116             -             -             -              1,116
                                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           (8,890)            -             -             -             (8,890)
                                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Income (loss) from continuing operations before
   income tax and extraordinary item..............         14,094                        (725)            -             13,369
Income tax expense (benefit)......................          3,433             -            -                             3,433


                                      F-29
<PAGE>

                                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before extraordinary item...........         10,661                        (725)            -              9,936
Loss from discontinued operations.................              -       (5,241)         1,981             -             (3,260)
Extraordinary item:
   Gain on debt extinguishment....................          1,773            -             -              -              1,773
                                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss).................................    $    12,434    $  (5,241)      $  1,256        $    -       $      8,449
                                                   ============================== ============= ============== ===================
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                 Condensed Consolidating Parent, Restricted Subsidiary and Non-Guarantor Statement of Cash Flow
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2002
                                                         (In thousands)


Operating Activities
<S>                                                  <C>            <C>             <C>        <C>              <C>
Net income (loss) ...........................        $   (55,172)   $  (47,873)     $(15,482)  $          -     $    (118,527)
Loss from discontinued operations............                  -       (44,448)      (13,233)             -           (57,681)
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Loss from continuing operations..............            (55,172)      (3,425)        (2,249)             -           (60,846)
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss)
   to net cash provided by operating
   activities:
     Depreciation, depletion, and
       amortization .........................              9,194              -           460            -              9,654
     Proved property impairment .............             28,178          3,425         1,247            -             32,850
     Deferred income tax (benefit) expense...                  -              -             -            -
     Amortization of deferred financing fees.              1,325              -             -            -              1,325
     Changes in operating assets and
       liabilities:
         Accounts receivable ................             18,088              -             -            -             18,088
         Equipment inventory ................                201              -             -            -                201
         Other  .............................                234              -           262            -                496
         Accounts payables and accrued
           expenses .........................                (47)             -             -            -                (47)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided (used) by continuing
   operations  ..............................              2,001              -          (280)           -              1,721
Net cash provided by discontinued operations.                  -          1,430         6,461            -              7,891
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by operations..............              2,001          1,430         6,181            -              9,612

Investing Activities
Capital expenditures, including purchases
   and development of properties ............             (5,070)             -       (10,826)           -            (15,896)
Proceeds from sale of oil and gas
   properties................................              9,725              -             -            -              9,725
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided  (used) by continuing
   operations................................              4,655              -       (10,826)           -             (6,171)
Net cash used in discontinued operations.....                  -         16,856       (15,721)           -              1,135
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided (used) by investing
   activities................................              4,655         16,856       (26,547)           -             (5,036)
Financing Activities
Payments on long-term borrowings ............             (8,176)             -             -            -             (8,176)
Deferred financing fees......................             (1,516)             -             -            -             (1,516)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided (used) by continuing
   operations activities.....................             (9,692)             -             -            -             (9,692)
Net cash provided by discontinued operations.                  -          (18,262)     20,529            -              2,267
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided  (used) by financing
   activities................................             (9,692)         (18,262)     20,529            -             (7,425)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash .....                  -              (24)       (163)           -               (187)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                      F-30
<PAGE>

Increase (decrease) in cash .................             (3,036)             -             -            -             (3,036)
Cash at beginning of year ...................              3,593              -             -            -              3,593
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash at end of year..........................                557              -             -            -       $        557
                                                   ==============================================================================
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 Condensed Consolidating Parent, Restricted Subsidiary and Non-Guarantor Statement of Cash Flow
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2001
                                                         (In thousands)

                                                       Abraxas                         Non-                          Abraxas
                                                     Petroleum      Restricted      Guarantor     Reclassifi-      Petroleum
                                                   Corporation      Subsidiary     Subsidiary       cations       Corporation
                                                    Inc. Parent    (Canadian       (Old Grey          and             and
                                                     Company(1)      Abraxas)         Wolf)       eliminations    Subsidiaries
                                                  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Activities
<S>                                                  <C>            <C>             <C>          <C>            <C>
Net income (loss) ...........................        $   (14,848)   $    (6,512)    $   1,642    $       -      $     (19,718)
Income (loss) from discontinued operations...                  -         (6,512)        2,837            -             (3,675)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations.....             (14,848)            -        (1,195)           -            (16,043)
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss)
   to net cash provided by operating
   activities:
     Loss on sale of equity investment.......                845              -             -            -                845
     Depreciation, depletion, and
       amortization .........................             12,336              -             -            -             12,336
     Amortization of deferred financing fees.              1,907              -             -            -              1,907
     Stock-based compensation ...............             (2,767)             -             -            -             (2,767)
     Changes in operating assets and
       liabilities:
         Accounts receivable ................             28,804              -             -            -             28,804
         Equipment inventory ................                (76)             -             -            -                (76)
         Other  .............................               (281)             -             -            -               (281)
         Accounts payables and accrued
           expenses .........................            (12,915)             -             -            -            (12,915)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided (used) by continuing
   operations ...............................             13,005              -        (1,195)           -             11,810
Net cash provided (used) by discontinued
   operations................................                  -           (428)        2,547            -              2,119
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided (used) by operating
   activities................................             13,005           (428)        1,352            -             13,929
Investing Activities
Capital expenditures, including purchases
   and development of properties ............            (19,126)             -             -            -            (19,126)
Proceeds from sale of oil and gas
   properties................................              9,677              -             -            -              9,677
Acquisition of minority interest ............             (2,679)             -             -            -             (2,679)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided  (used)continuing
   operations................................            (12,128)             -             -            -            (12,128)
Net cash provided (used) by discontinued
   operations................................                  -            569         (19,238)         -            (18,669)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided (used) by investing
   activities................................            (12,128)           569         (19,238)         -            (30,797)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Financing Activities
Proceeds form issuance of common stock.......                 16              -             -            -                 16
Proceeds from long-term borrowings ..........             11,700              -             -            -             11,700
Payments on long-term borrowings ............             (9,326)             -             -            -             (9,326)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided (used) continuing operations             2,390              -             -            -              2,390

                                      F-31
<PAGE>
Net cash provided (used) by discontinued
   operations................................                  -              -        18,295            -             18,295
                                                   ------------------------------ -----------------------------------------------
Net cash provided (used) by financing
   activities                                              2,390              -        18,295            -             20,685
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           3,267            141           409            -              3,817
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash .....                  -           (141)         (409)           -               (550)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Increase (decrease) in cash .................              3,267              -             -            -              3,267
Cash at beginning of year ...................                326              -                          -                326
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash at end of year..........................        $     3,593              -             -  $          -    $        3,593
                                                   ==============================================================================
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                Condensed Consolidating Parent, Restricted Subsidiary and Non-Guarantor Statement of Cash Flow
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2000
                                                        (In thousands)

                                                       Abraxas                         Non-                          Abraxas
                                                     Petroleum      Restricted      Guarantor     Reclassifi-      Petroleum
                                                   Corporation      Subsidiary     Subsidiary       cations       Corporation
                                                    Inc. Parent    (Canadian       (Old Grey          and             and
                                                     Company(1)      Abraxas)         Wolf)       eliminations    Subsidiaries
                                                  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Activities
<S>                                                   <C>            <C>         <C>              <C>         <C>
Net income (loss) ...........................         $    12,434    $ (5,241)   $    1,256       $       -   $       8,449
Income (loss) from discontinued operations...                  -       (5,241)        1,981               -          (3,260)
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations.....              12,434           -          (725)              -          11,709
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss)
   to net cash provided by operating
   activities:
        Extraordinary gain on extinguishment
       of debt...............................              (1,773)           -            -               -          (1,773)
     Gain on sale of equity investment.......             (33,983)           -            -               -         (33,983)
     Depreciation, depletion, and
       amortization .........................              12,329            -            -               -          12,329
     Deferred income tax expense.............               3,433            -            -                           3,433
     Amortization of deferred financing fees.               1,660            -            -               -           1,660
     Stock-based compensation ...............               2,767            -            -               -           2,767
     Issuance of common stock and warrants
       for compensation .....................                 265            -            -               -             265
     Changes in operating assets and
       liabilities:
         Accounts receivable ................                   8            -            -                -              8

         Equipment inventory ................                (538)           -            -                -           (538)
         Other  .............................                (184)           -            -                -           (184)
         Accounts payables and accrued
           expenses .........................               5,357            -            -                -          5,357
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by continuing operations ..               1,775             -        (725)               -          1,050
Net cash provided by discontinued operations.                   -         8,655      11,860                -         20,515
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided (used) by operations.......               1,775         8,655      11,135                -         21,565
Investing Activities
Capital expenditures, including purchases
   and development of properties ............             (39,767)           -            -                -        (39,767)
Proceeds from sale of oil and gas
   properties ...............................               5,542            -            -                -          5,542
Proceeds from sale of equity investment .....              34,482            -            -                -         34,482
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net cash  provided (used) by continuing
   operations................................                 257             -             -              -            257
Net cash provided (used) in discontinued
   operations................................                   -        (8,256)         (10,774)          -        (19,030)
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                      F-32
<PAGE>
Net cash provided (used) by investing
   activities................................                 257        (8,256)    (10,774)               -        (18,773)
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Financing Activities
Purchase of treasury stock, net .............                 (78)            -            -               -            (78)
Proceeds from long-term borrowings ..........               6,400             -            -               -          6,400
Payments on long-term borrowings ............              (9,979)            -            -               -         (9,979)
Deferred financing fees .....................                  23             -            -               -             23
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided  (used) by  continuing
   operations................................              (3,634)            -            -              -          (3,634)
Net cash provided (used) by discontinued
   operations................................                   -                       (184)             -            (184)
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided (used) by financing
   activities................................             (3,634)            -         (184)              -          (3,818)
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          (1,602)           399          177              -           1,026
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash .....                  -           (399)         (177)            -            (576)
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Increase (decrease) in cash .................              (1,602)            -            -              -          (1,602)
Cash at beginning of year ...................               1,928             -            -              -           1,928
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash at end of year..........................      $          326         $   -   $        -   $          -   $         326
                                                   =============================================================================
</TABLE>

16.  Hedging Program and Derivatives

     On January 1, 2001, the Company adopted SFAS 133 "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities" as amended and interpreted.  Under SFAS 133,
all derivative  instruments  are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. If
the derivative does not qualify as a hedge or is not designated as a hedge,  the
gain or loss on the derivative is recognized  currently in earnings.  To qualify
for hedge accounting,  the derivative must qualify either as a fair value hedge,
cash flow hedge or foreign currency hedge. Currently, the Company uses only cash
flow hedges and the remaining discussion will relate exclusively to this type of
derivative  instrument.  If the derivative  qualifies for hedge accounting,  the
gain or loss on the derivative is deferred in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss),
a component of Stockholders' Equity, to the extent that the hedge is effective.

     The relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item must be
highly  effective in achieving the offset of changes in cash flows  attributable
to the  hedged  risk both at the  inception  of the  contract  and on an ongoing
basis.  Hedge accounting is discontinued  prospectively  when a hedge instrument
becomes   ineffective.   Gains  and  losses   deferred  in   accumulated   Other
Comprehensive   Income  (Loss)  related  to  a  cash  flow  hedge  that  becomes
ineffective remain unchanged until the related  production is delivered.  If the
Company determines that it is probable that a hedged transaction will not occur,
deferred  gains or losses on the hedging  instrument  are recognized in earnings
immediately.

     Gains and  losses on  hedging  instruments  related  to  accumulated  Other
Comprehensive  Income  (Loss)  and  adjustments  to  carrying  amounts on hedged
production  are included in natural gas or crude oil  production  revenue in the
period that the related production is delivered.

     On January 1, 2001, in accordance  with the  transition  provisions of SFAS
133, the Company  recorded  $31.0  million,  net of tax, in Other  Comprehensive
Income (Loss)  representing  the  cumulative  effect of an accounting  change to
recognize  the fair value of cash flow  derivatives.  The Company  recorded cash
flow hedge  derivative  liabilities of $38.2 million on that date and a deferred
tax asset of $7.2 million.

     For the year ended  December 31, 2001,  losses  before tax of $12.1 million
were transferred from Other Comprehensive  Income (Loss) to revenue and the fair
value of outstanding  liabilities  decreased by $25.5 million.  The  ineffective
portion of the cash flow hedges was not material at December 31, 2001.

     For the year ended  December  31,  2001,  $566,000 of deferred  net loss on
derivative  instruments were recorded in Other Comprehensive  Income (Loss). All
of the deferred net loss is expected to be  reclassified  to earnings during the
next twelve-month period.

     All hedge transactions are subject to the Company's risk management policy,
approved  by  the  Board  of  Directors.  The  Company  formally  documents  all
relationships  between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk
management  objectives  and strategy  for  undertaking  the hedge.  This process
includes  specific  identification  of the  hedging  instrument  and the  hedged
transaction,   the  nature  of  the  risk  being  hedged  and  how  the  hedging
instrument's  effectiveness will be assessed. Both at the inception of the hedge


                                      F-33
<PAGE>

and on an ongoing basis,  the Company  assesses whether the derivatives that are
used in hedging  transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in cash
flows of hedged items.

     The Company  entered into a costless  collar hedge  agreement  with Barrett
Resources  Corporation  ("Barrett") for the period November 1999 through October
2000.  This  agreement  consisted  of a swap for 1,000 Bbls per day of crude oil
with the Company being paid $20.30 and paying NYMEX calendar month average,  and
an  additional  1,000 Bbls of crude oil per day with a floor price of $18.00 per
Bbl and a ceiling of $22.00 per Bbl. The Company  realized a loss from hedges of
$20.2  million for the year ended  December 31, 2000,  which is accounted for in
Oil and Gas  Production  Revenue.  At year end 2001  Barrett  had a swap call on
either  1,000  Bbls of  crude  oil or  20,000  MMBtu of  natural  gas per day at
Barrett's  option at fixed  prices  ($18.90  for crude oil or $2.60 to $2.95 for
natural gas) through  October 31, 2002. The Company  realized a loss from hedges
of $12.1 million and $3.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2002
respectively,  of which  $6.6  million  and  $1.5  million  was from  continuing
operations, which is accounted for in Oil and Gas Production Revenue.

     Under the terms of the New Senior  Secured Credit  Agreement,  (see Note 3)
the Company is required to maintain hedging  agreements with respect to not less
than 25% nor more  than 75% of it crude oil and  natural  gas  production  for a
rolling six month period. As of January 23, 2003, the Company has entered into a
collar option  agreement  with respect to 5,000 MMBtu per day, or  approximately
25% of the  Company's  production,  at a call price of $6.25 per MMBtu and a put
price of $4.00 per MMBtu, for the calendar months of February through July 2003.
In February  2003 the Company  entered into an  additional  hedge  agreement for
5,000 MMbtu per day with a floor of $4.50 per MMBtu for the  calendar  months of
March 2003 through February 2004.

17. Comprehensive Income

     Comprehensive income includes net income, losses and certain items recorded
directly to Stockholders'  Equity and classified as Other  Comprehensive  Income
(Loss). The following table illustrates the calculation of comprehensive  income
for the year ended December 31, 2002:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                 Accumulated Other
                                                                            Comprehensive      Comprehensive Income
                                                                            Income (Loss)             (Loss)
                                                                          ------------------- ------------------------
                                                                             For the year
                                                                                 Ended                As of
                                                                          December 31, 2002      December 31,2002
                                                                          --------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                       <C>                          <C>
Accumulated other comprehensive loss at December 31, 2001 .........                                    $ (13,561)
   Net loss........................................................       $        (118,527)
                                                                          -------------------
Other Comprehensive income (loss):
   Hedging derivatives (net of tax) - See Note 16
     Reclassification adjustment for settled hedge contracts,  net
     of taxes of ($596)............................................                    2,556
     Change in fair market value of outstanding hedge positions
     net of taxes of $504..........................................                   (1,990)
                                                                          -------------------
                                                                                         566
   Foreign currency translation adjustment.........................                    4,292
                                                                          -------------------
Other comprehensive income (loss)..................................                    4,858                    4,858
                                                                          -------------------

Comprehensive income (loss)........................................              $  (113,669)
                                                                          ===================    ---------------------
Accumulated other comprehensive loss at December 31, 2002..........                                        $  (8,703)
                                                                                                 =====================
</TABLE>

18.  Proved Property Impairment

     In accordance with SEC  requirements,  the estimated  discounted future net
cash flows from proved  reserves are  generally  based on prices and costs as of
the end of the year, or  alternatively,  if prices  subsequent to that date have
increased,  a price near the  periodic  filing date of the  Company's  financial
statements.  As of December 31, 2001, the Company's net capitalized costs of oil
and gas properties  exceeded the present value of its estimated  proved reserves
by $71.3 million ($38.9 million on the U.S.  properties and $32.4 million on the
Canadian  properties).  These amounts were calculated  considering 2001 year-end
prices of $19.84  per barrel  for oil and $2.57 per Mcf for gas as  adjusted  to


                                      F-34
<PAGE>

reflect  the  expected  realized  prices  for each of the full cost  pools.  The
Company did not adjust its  capitalized  costs for its U.S.  properties  because
subsequent  to  December  31,  2001,  oil and gas  prices  increased  such  that
capitalized  costs for its U.S.  properties  did not exceed the present value of
the estimated proved oil and gas reserves for its U.S.  properties as determined
using increased  realized prices on March 22, 2002 of $24.16 per Bbl for oil and
$2.89 per Mcf for gas.  During the second  quarter of 2002,  the  Company  had a
ceiling  limitation  write-down  of $116.0  million,  $32.9  million  related to
continuing operations and $83.1 million related to discontinued operations.


                                      F-35
<PAGE>


19.  Supplemental Oil and Gas Disclosures (Unaudited)

     The accompanying table presents information  concerning the Company's crude
oil and natural gas producing activities from continuing  operations as required
by Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 69,  "Disclosures about Oil
and  Gas  Producing  Activities."  Capitalized  costs  relating  to oil  and gas
producing activities are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                    Years Ended December 31
                                         -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              2001                                                  2002
                                         ----------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------
                                             Total             U.S.          Canada            Total        U.S.           Canada
                                         ---------------  -------------- --------------- -------------- ------------- --------------
                                                                                     (In thousands)
     Proved crude oil and natural
<S>                                      <C>              <C>              <C>           <C>            <C>               <C>
       gas properties ............       $    290,635     $    284,182     $     6,453   $    298,972   $    279,401      $  19,571
     Unproved properties .........              4,571              -             4,571          7,052         -               7,052
                                         ---------------  -------------- --------------- -------------- ------------- --------------
       Total ..........................       295,206          284,182          11,024        306,024         279,401        26,623
     Accumulated depreciation,
       depletion, and
       amortization, and
       impairment ................           (168,124)        (168,124)              -       (210,313)      (205,181)        (5,132)
                                         --------------- -------------- ---------------- -------------- ------------- --------------
         Net capitalized costs ...       $    127,082      $   116,058    $     11,024    $    95,711    $    74,220   $     21,491
                                         =============== =============================== ============== =============  =============
</TABLE>

     Cost  incurred  in oil  and  gas  property  acquisitions,  exploration  and
development activities are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                           Years Ended December 31
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    2000                            2001                          2002
                                   -------------------------------- --------------------------------- -----------------------------
                                       Total      U.S.    Canada       Total       U.S.       Canada   Total     U.S.   Canada (1)
                                   --------- ----------- --------- ---------- ------------- --------- -------- -------- ------------
                                                                             (In thousands)
   Property acquisition costs:
<S>                                  <C>       <C>         <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>       <C>       <C>
     Proved .......................  $    -    $    -      $   -     $   -      $    -     $    -   $  -      $    -    $       -
     Unproved .....................       -         -          -         -           -          -      -           -            -
                                   --------- ----------- --------- ---------- ---------- --------- ---------- --------- ------------
                                     $    -    $    -      $   -     $   -      $    -     $    -   $  -      $    -    $       -
                                   ========= =========== ========= ========== ========== ========= ========== ========= ===========

   Property development and
     exploration costs ............ $ 39,631   $ 39,631   $    -     $ 18,867   $ 18,867   $   -    $ 15,770  $  4,944    $ 10,826
                                   ============== ============== ==============  ===========================  ========= ===========
</TABLE>

         (1) Canadian costs in 2002 were primarily for exploratory purposes.
                                      F-36
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         The results of operations for oil and gas producing activities are as
follows:

                                                                    Years Ended December 31
                                ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                2000                             2001                             2002
                                ---------------------------------- ------------------------------- ---------------------------------
                                  Total        U.S.        Canada      Total     U.S.   Canada        Total       U.S.      Canada
                                ---------- ------------ ---------- --------- ---------- --------   --------- ------------- ---------
                                                                             (In thousands)

<S>                              <C>          <C>         <C>       <C>       <C>         <C>      <C>        <C>         <C>
Revenues ...................     $ 32,165     $ 32,165    $   -     $ 4,934   $ 34,934    $   -    $ 21,601   $  20,835   $   766
Production costs ...........       (7,755)      (7,755)       -      (9,302)    (9,302)       -      (7,910)    (7,639)     (271)
Depreciation, depletion,
  and amortization .........      (11,968)     (11,968)       -     (11,976)   (11,976)       -      (9,339)    (8,879)     (460)
Proved property impairment .            -            -        -           -         -         -     (32,850)   (28,178)   (4,672)
General and administrative .       (1,118)      (1,118)       -      (1,073)    (1,073)       -      (1,270)    (1,011)     (259)
Income taxes (expense)
  benefit...................            -            -        -           -         -         -           -         -          -
                                ---------- ------------ ---------- --------- ---------- --------- ---------- ---------- ----------

Results of operations from oil
  and gas producing activities
  (excluding corporate overhead
  and interest costs) .......... $ 11,324    $  11,324    $   -    $ 12,583   $ 12,583    $  -    $(29,768)   $(24,872)  $  (4,896)
                                ========== ============ ========== ========= ========== ========= ========== ========== ==========
Depletion rate per barrel
  of oil equivalent, before
  impact of impairment .....     $   6.19    $    6.19    $   -    $   6.96   $   6.96    $  -      $ 7.65     $   7.55  $  10.30
                                ========== ============ ========== ========= ========== ========= ========== ========== ==========
</TABLE>

                                      F-37
<PAGE>

Estimated Quantities of Proved Oil and Gas Reserves

     The following table presents the Company's estimate of its net proved crude
oil and  natural gas  reserves as of December  31,  2000,  2001,  and 2002.  The
Company's management  emphasizes that reserve estimates are inherently imprecise
and that estimates of new discoveries are more imprecise than those of producing
oil and gas  properties.  Accordingly,  the  estimates are expected to change as
future  information  becomes  available.  The  estimates  have been  prepared by
independent petroleum reserve engineers.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Total                  United States              Canada
                                                    --------------------------- ------------------------ --------------------------
                                                       Liquid      Natural        Liquid       Natural       Liquid       Natural
                                                    Hydrocarbons     Gas       Hydrocarbons     Gas       Hydrocarbons     Gas
                                                    ------------- ----------- --------------  ---------- ------------- -----------
                                                     (Barrels)     (Mcf)        (Barrels)       (Mcf)      (Barrels)      (Mcf)
                                                                                        (In Thousands)
     Proved developed and undeveloped reserves:
<S>                                                     <C>      <C>               <C>        <C>            <C>        <C>
       Balance at January 1, 2000 (1) .............     6,421      80,417          6,421       80,417           -            -
         Revisions of previous estimates ..........        54     (13,441)            54      (13,441)          -            -
         Extensions and discoveries ...............       315      57,371            315       57,371           -            -
         Purchase of minerals in place ............         -           -              -            -           -            -
         Production ...............................      (539)     (8,364)          (539)      (8,364)          -            -
         Sale of minerals in place ................      (170)     (1,075)          (170)      (1,075)          -            -
                                                    ------------- ----------- --------------- ---------- ------------  -----------
       Balance at December 31, 2000................     6,081     114,908          6,081      114,908           -            -
         Revisions of previous estimates ..........      (688)      3,318           (688)       3,318           -            -
         Extensions and discoveries ...............       361      12,086            354        4,886           7        7,200
         Production ...............................      (416)     (7,823)          (416)      (7,823)          -            -
         Sale of minerals in place ................      (924)     (6,821)          (924)      (6,821)          -            -
                                                    - ---------- ------------ -------------- ----------- ------------  -----------
       Balance at December 31, 2001................     4,414     115,668          4,407      108,468           7        7,200
         Revisions of previous estimates ..........       (69)    (17,705)           (63)     (15,248)         (6)      (2,457)
         Extensions and discoveries ...............       231       9,036              -            -         231        9,036
         Production ...............................      (274)     (5,680)          (264)      (5,472)        (10)        (208)
         Sale of minerals in place ................      (843)     (9,553)          (843)      (9,553)          -            -
                                                    ------------ ------------ -------------- ----------- ------------  ------------
       Balance at December 31, 2002................     3,459      91,766          3,237       78,195         222       13,571
                                                    ============ ============ ============== =========== ============  ============
</TABLE>

 (1) The beginning of year 2000 amounts exclude the Company's proportional
interest in Partnership proved reserves, accounted for by the equity method,
2.8 Mbbls of liquid hydrocarbons and 25.8 MMcf of natural gas.



                                      F-38
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


Estimated Quantities of Proved Oil and Gas Reserves (continued)

                                                               Total                  United States              Canada
                                                    --------------------------- ------------------------ --------------------------
                                                       Liquid      Natural        Liquid       Natural       Liquid       Natural
                                                    Hydrocarbons     Gas       Hydrocarbons     Gas       Hydrocarbons     Gas
                                                    ------------- ----------- --------------  ---------- ------------- -----------
                                                     (Barrels)     (Mcf)        (Barrels)       (Mcf)      (Barrels)      (Mcf)
                                                                            (In thousands)
<S>                                                    <C>         <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>
     Proved developed reserves:
       December 31, 2000.........................      4,309       48,177         4,309         48,177        -             -
                                                    ------------- ----------- --------------  ---------- ------------- -----------
       December 31, 2001 ........................      2,892       40,514         2,892         40,514        -             -
                                                    ------------- ----------- --------------  ---------- ------------- -----------
       December 31, 2002.........................      1,858       43,308         1,753         34,776         105         8,532
                                                    ------------- ----------- --------------  ---------- ------------- -----------

</TABLE>


                                      F-39
<PAGE>



Standardized  Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Oil
and Gas Reserves

     The following  disclosures  concerning the  standardized  measure of future
cash flows from  proved  crude oil and  natural  gas  reserves  from  continuing
operations  are  presented  in  accordance  with SFAS No. 69.  The  standardized
measure  does not purport to represent  the fair market  value of the  Company's
proved  crude oil and natural  gas  reserves.  An estimate of fair market  value
would also take into account,  among other factors, the recovery of reserves not
classified  as proved,  anticipated  future  changes in prices and costs,  and a
discount  factor  more  representative  of the time value of money and the risks
inherent in reserve estimates.

     Under the  standardized  measure,  future cash  inflows  were  estimated by
applying  period-end  prices  at  December  31,  2002  adjusted  for  fixed  and
determinable escalations,  to the estimated future production of year-end proved
reserves.  Future cash inflows were reduced by estimated  future  production and
development  costs based on year-end  costs to determine  pre-tax cash  inflows.
Future  income  taxes were  computed by applying the  statutory  tax rate to the
excess of pre-tax cash inflows over the tax basis of the  properties.  Operating
loss  carryforwards,  tax  credits,  and  permanent  differences  to the  extent
estimated  to be  available  in the future  were also  considered  in the future
income tax calculations, thereby reducing the expected tax expense.

         Future net cash inflows after income taxes were discounted using a 10%
annual discount rate to arrive at the Standardized Measure.


                                      F-40
<PAGE>



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

     Set forth below is the Standardized  Measure relating to proved oil and gas
reserves for:

                                                                                       Years Ended December 31
                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                2000                              2001                          2002
                             ---------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 Total         U.S.         Canada     Total        U.S.     Canada     Total      U.S.     Canada
                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                             (In thousands)

<S>                          <C>           <C>            <C>    <C>          <C>           <C>    <C>         <C>        <C>
Future cash inflows ........ $  1,274,871  $ 1,274,871    $   -  $  313,640   $  313,640    $   -  $  454,052  $  389,061 $ 64,991
Future production and
  development costs ........     (254,667)    (254,667)       -    (138,296)    (138,296)       -    (177,306)   (158,507) (18,799)
Future income tax expense ..      (65,421)     (65,421)       -           -            -        -        -           -          -
                             ------------- ------------- -------- ----------- ------------- ------- ----------- --------- ---------
Future net cash flows ......      954,783      954,783        -     175,344      175,344        -     276,746     230,554   46,192
Discount ...................     (468,663)    (468,663)       -     (98,157)     (98,157)     -      (140,162)   (120,238) (19,924)
                             ------------- ------------- -------- ----------- ------------- ------- ----------- --------- ---------
Standardized Measure of
  discounted future net
  cash relating to proved
  reserves ................. $    486,120   $  486,120     $  -   $  77,187   $   77,187    $   -  $  136,584  $  110,316  $26,268
                             ============ ============== ======== ============ ============ ======= =========== ========= =========

</TABLE>

                                      F-41
<PAGE>




Changes in Standardized  Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to
Proved Oil and Gas Reserves

     The following is an analysis of the changes in the Standardized Measure for
continuing operations:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Year Ended December 31
                                                ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                       2000                2001               2002
                                                ------------------- ------------------- ------------------
                                                                     (In thousands)

<S>                                                <C>                 <C>                 <C>
   Standardized Measure, beginning
     of year .................................     $     123,283       $     486,120       $      77,187
   Sales and transfers of oil and gas
     produced, net of production costs .......           (24,410)            (25,632)            (13,691)
   Net changes in prices and development
     and production costs from prior year ....           356,237            (333,920)             64,652
   Extensions, discoveries, and improved
     recovery, less related costs ............           215,895               4,010              31,122
   Purchases of minerals in place ............                 -                 -                   -
   Sales of minerals in place ................            (7,631)            (36,681)             (9,089)
   Revision of previous quantity estimates ...           (47,794)             (2,400)            (12,888)
   Change in future income tax expense .......           (65,422)             65,422                   -
   Other .....................................           (76,366)           (128,344)             (8,428)
   Accretion of discount .....................            12,328              48,612               7,719
                                                ------------------- ------------------- ------------------
     Standardized Measure, end of year .......     $     486,120       $      77,187         $   136,584
                                                =================== =================== ==================
</TABLE>

                                      F-42
<PAGE>








FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



GREY WOLF EXPLORATION INC.



December 31, 2002






                                      F-43
<PAGE>


Deloitte & Touche LLP
3000, 700 Second Street SW
Calgary  AB  Canada  T2P 0S7

Telephone     +1 403-267-1700
Facsimile     +1 403-264-2871


AUDITORS' REPORT



To the Directors of
Grey Wolf Exploration Inc.

We have audited the balance sheets of Grey Wolf  Exploration Inc. as at December
31, 2002 and 2001 and the  statements of earnings  (loss) and retained  earnings
(deficit) and of cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended
December 31, 2002.  These  financial  statements are the  responsibility  of the
Company's  management.  Our  responsibility  is to  express  an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits.

With respect to the financial statements for each of the years in the three-year
period ended  December 31, 2002,  we  conducted  our audits in  accordance  with
Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and auditing standards  generally
accepted in the United States of America.  Those standards  require that we plan
and  perform  an audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  whether  the  financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion,  these  financial  statements  present  fairly,  in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as at December 31, 2002 and 2001
and the  results of its  operations  and its cash flows for each of the years in
the three year period  ended  December  31,  2002 in  accordance  with  Canadian
generally accepted accounting principles.

On February 23, 2001, we reported  separately to the shareholders of the Company
on  financial  statements  for the year ended  December  31,  2000,  prepared in
accordance with the Canadian generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  which
excluded Note 12 on  differences  between  Canadian and United States  generally
accepted accounting principles.



Calgary, Canada                                /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP
March 10, 2003                                     Chartered Accountants











                                      F-44
<PAGE>
                    COMMENTS BY AUDITORS FOR U.S. READERS ON
                       CANADA - U.S. REPORTING DIFFERENCES

In the United States,  reporting  standards for auditors require the addition of
an explanatory  paragraph (following the opinion paragraph) outlining changes in
accounting principles that have been implemented in the financial statements. As
discussed in Note 7 to the financial statements, in 2001 the Company changed its
method of  computing  diluted  earnings per share to conform to the new Canadian
Institute of Chartered  Accountants  Handbook  recommendation  section  3500. In
addition,  as  discussed  in Note 6 to the  financial  statements,  in 2000  the
Company  changed its method of accounting for income taxes to conform to the new
Canadian  Institute of Chartered  Accountants  Handbook  recommendation  section
3465.

In the United States,  reporting  standards for auditors require the addition of
an explanatory paragraph (following the opinion paragraph) outlining significant
subsequent events that have been disclosed in the financial statements.  We have
not audited any financial statements of the Company for any period subsequent to
December  31, 2002.  However,  as  discussed  in Note 13, the  Company's  parent
company sold all of the outstanding  common shares of the Company on January 23,
2003.



Calgary, Canada                                 /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP
March 10, 2003                                      Chartered Accountants




                                      F-45
<PAGE>

GREY WOLF EXPLORATION INC.

Balance Sheets
As At December 31
(Thousands of Canadian dollars)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       2002                 2001
                                                                                        $                     $
                                                                               -------------------------------------------

ASSETS
Current
<S>        <C>                                                                              <C>                   <C>
Cash (Note 4)                                                                               3,365                 4,405
Accounts receivable (Note 10)                                                               8,230                 9,980
                                                                               -------------------------------------------
                                                                                           11,595                14,385

Long-term receivable (Note 10)                                                             10,000                10,000
Property and equipment (Note 3)                                                            23,401                71,879
Future income taxes (Note 6)                                                               25,233                     -
                                                                               -------------------------------------------
                                                                                           70,229                96,264
                                                                               -------------------------------------------

Liabilities
Current
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (Note 10)                                         10,078                15,183

Long-term debt (Note 4)                                                                    69,227                36,356
Future site restoration and abandonment                                                     1,221                 1,050
Future income taxes (Note 6)                                                                    -                 6,359
                                                                               -------------------------------------------
                                                                                           80,526                58,948
                                                                               -------------------------------------------

CONTINGENCIES (Note 11)

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)
Share capital (Note 5)                                                                     27,891                27,891
Retained earnings (deficit)                                                               (38,188)                9,425
                                                                               -------------------------------------------
                                                                                          (10,297)               37,316
                                                                               -------------------------------------------
                                                                                           70,229                96,264
                                                                               -------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes


                                      F-46
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

GREY WOLF EXPLORATION INC.

Statements of Earnings (Loss) and Retained Earnings (Deficit)
Years Ended December 31
(thousands of Canadian dollars, except for share amounts)
                                                                                2002             2001            2000
                                                                                 $                 $               $
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                             <C>                 <C>            <C>
Revenue
Petroleum and natural gas sales                                                  33,245             30,268         26,009
Royalties, net of Alberta Royalty Tax Credit                                     (8,237)            (7,615)        (5,380)
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 25,008             22,653         20,629
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
Expenses
Operating                                                                         6,032              3,844          3,462
General and administrative (Note 3)                                               2,367              1,278          1,384
Interest and finance charges (Note 10)                                            4,518              1,827          1,126
Depletion, depreciation and site restoration (Note 3)                             8,003              8,364          7,924
Write down of petroleum and natural gas properties
   and facilities                                                                82,635                  -              -
Amortization of deferred financing fees (Note 4)                                    634                  -              -
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                                104,189             15,313         13,896
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------

Earnings (loss) before taxes                                                    (79,181)             7,340          6,733
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
Provision for (recovery of) taxes (Note 6)
    Current                                                                          24                144             61
    Future                                                                      (31,592)             3,061          2,732
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                                (31,568)             3,205          2,793
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
Net earnings (loss)                                                             (47,613)             4,135          3,940

Retained earnings, beginning of year                                              9,425              5,290          1,912
Adoption of income tax accounting standard change (Note 6)                            -                  -           (562)
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
Retained earnings (deficit), end of year                                        (38,188)             9,425          5,290
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share (Note 7)                              (3.71)              0.32           0.31
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------

Weighted average number of shares
    Basic                                                                    12,841,327         12,776,407     12,660,528
    Diluted                                                                  12,841,327         12,776,407     12,732,251
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


See accompanying notes

                                      F-47
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

GREY WOLF EXPLORATION INC.

Statements of Cash Flows
Years Ended December 31
(Thousands of Canadian dollars, except for share amounts)
                                                                               2002              2001             2000
                                                                                $                  $               $
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
Operating Activities
<S>                                                                            <C>                 <C>             <C>
Net earnings (loss)                                                            (47,613)            4,135           3,940
Depletion, depreciation and site restoration                                     8,003             8,364           7,924
Write down of petroleum and natural gas properties
    and facilities                                                              82,635                 -               -
Future income tax expense (recovery)                                           (31,592)            3,061           2,732
Amortization of deferred financing fees                                            634                 -               -
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
Cash flow from operations                                                       12,067            15,560          14,596
Changes in non-cash working capital items (Note 9)                              (3,355)             (746)          1,936
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 8,712            14,814          16,532
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------

Financing Activities
Increase in long-term debt                                                      67,994            28,334            (273)
Repayments of long-term debt                                                   (35,723)                -               -
Increase in long-term receivable                                                     -           (10,000)              -
Issuance of common shares                                                            -               336               3
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                                32,271            18,670            (270)
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
Total cash resources provided                                                   40,983            33,484          16,262
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------

Investing Activities
Property and equipment received under property swap agreement                        -                 -          10,779
Disposal of property and equipment under property swap agreement                     -                 -         (12,332)
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
Net cash proceeds                                                                    -                 -          (1,553)
Other acquisitions                                                                   -             1,071              13
Expenditures for property and equipment                                         45,558            36,800          17,941
Dispositions of property and equipment                                          (3,657)           (8,838)           (342)
Site restoration                                                                   122                46             203
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                                42,023            29,079          16,262
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------

Increase (decrease) in cash                                                     (1,040)            4,405               -
Cash, beginning of year                                                          4,405                 -               -
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
Cash, end of year                                                                3,365             4,405               -
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------

Basic and diluted cash flow from operations
     per share (Note 7)                                                           0.94              1.22            1.15
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------

Cash interest paid                                                               5,483             1,840           1,123
Cash taxes paid                                                                     88                82              72
                                                                         ---------------------------------------------------
See accompanying notes
</TABLE>


                                      F-48
<PAGE>

GREY WOLF EXPLORATION INC.
Notes to the Financial Statements
Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Tabular amounts in thousands of Canadian dollars, except for share amounts)

1.   DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESs

     Grey Wolf  Exploration Inc. ("Grey Wolf" or "the Company") was incorporated
     under the laws of the  Province  of  Alberta  on  December  23,  1986.  The
     Company's  primary business is the exploration,  development and production
     of crude oil and natural gas in western Canada. As at December 31, 2002 and
     2001  the  Company  was a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  Abraxas  Petroleum
     Corporation ("Abraxas").

2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     These  financial  statements have been prepared in accordance with Canadian
     generally accepted accounting principles.  Differences between Canadian and
     U.S. GAAP are outlined in Note 12 to the financial statements.

     Cash

     Cash includes amounts held in short-term  deposits with original maturities
     of 90 days or less.

     Property and equipment

     The Company  follows the full cost method of accounting in accordance  with
     the  guideline  issued by the Canadian  Institute of Chartered  Accountants
     ("CICA")  whereby  all  costs  associated  with  the  exploration  for  and
     development  of petroleum and natural gas reserves,  whether  productive or
     unproductive,  are  capitalized  in a Canadian  cost  centre and charged to
     income  as  set  out  below.  Such  costs  include  acquisition,  drilling,
     geological and  geophysical  costs related to exploration  and  development
     activities.  Costs of acquiring  and  evaluating  unproved  properties  are
     excluded  from the  depletion  base until it is  determined  whether or not
     proved reserves are attributable to the properties or impairment occurs.

     Gains or losses  are not  recognized  upon  disposition  of  petroleum  and
     natural gas properties  unless crediting the proceeds  against  accumulated
     costs would result in a change in the rate of depletion of 20% or more.

     Depletion of  petroleum  and natural gas  properties  and  depreciation  of
     production  equipment,  except for gas plants and  related  facilities,  is
     provided on accumulated costs using the unit-of-production  method based on
     estimated proved petroleum and natural gas reserves,  before royalties,  as
     determined  by  independent  engineers.   For  purposes  of  the  depletion
     calculation,  proven  petroleum and natural gas reserves are converted to a
     common  unit of measure on the basis of one barrel of oil or liquids  being
     equal to six thousand cubic feet of natural gas. Depreciation of gas plants
     and related  production  facilities is calculated on a straight-line  basis
     over an average 18-year term.

     The depletion and depreciation cost base includes  capitalized  costs, less
     costs of unproved  properties,  plus provision for future development costs
     of proved undeveloped reserves.

                                      F-49
<PAGE>

2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Petroleum and natural gas properties (Continued)

     The  net  carrying  value  of  the  Company's  petroleum  and  natural  gas
     properties  is limited to an  ultimate  recoverable  amount  (the  "ceiling
     test").  This amount is the aggregate of estimated future net revenues from
     proved  reserves and the costs of unproved  properties,  net of  impairment
     allowances,   less  future   estimated   production   costs,   general  and
     administration  costs,  financing  costs,  site restoration and abandonment
     costs, and income taxes. Future net revenues are estimated using period end
     prices and costs without escalation or discounting,  and the income tax and
     Alberta Royalty Tax Credit legislation substantially enacted at the balance
     sheet date.

     Furniture,  leasehold improvements,  computer hardware, software and office
     equipment are carried at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful
     life of the assets at rates varying between 20 percent and 30 percent, on a
     declining-balance basis.

     Future site restoration and abandonment costs

     The estimated cost of future site  restoration is based on the current cost
     and the  anticipated  method and extent of site  restoration  in accordance
     with  existing  legislation  and industry  practice.  The annual  charge is
     provided for on a  unit-of-production  basis for all properties  except for
     gas plants for which the annual  charge is  calculated  on a  straight-line
     basis  over  the  estimated  remaining  life  of the  plants.  Actual  site
     restoration  expenditures are charged to the accumulated  liability account
     as incurred.

     Use of estimates

     The amounts  recorded  for  depletion  and  depreciation  of  property  and
     equipment and the provision for site  restoration are based on estimates of
     proved reserves and production rates. The ceiling test calculation is based
     on  estimates of proved  reserves,  production  rates,  oil and natural gas
     prices, future costs and other relevant assumptions. By their nature, these
     estimates  are  subject  to  uncertainty  and the  effect on the  financial
     statements of changes in such estimates could be significant.



                                      F-50
<PAGE>

2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Joint operations

     Substantially all of the Company's exploration and development activities
     are conducted jointly with others, and accordingly, the financial
     statements reflect only the Company's proportionate interest in such
     activities.

     Revenue recognition

     Petroleum and natural gas sales are  recognized  when the  commodities  are
     delivered to purchasers.

     Future income taxes

     Effective January 1, 2000, the Company adopted, on a retroactive basis
     without restatement of prior periods, the new Canadian Institute of
     Chartered Accountants ("CICA") accounting recommendation, "Income Taxes".
     Under this standard, future income tax assets and liabilities are measured
     based upon temporary differences between the carrying values of assets and
     liabilities and their tax basis. Income tax expense (recovery) is computed
     based on the change during the year in the future tax assets and
     liabilities. Effects of changes in tax laws and tax rates are recognized
     when substantially enacted. Prior to January 1, 2000, the Company followed
     the deferral method of accounting for income taxes.

     Stock options

     Prior  to  December  31,  2001,  the  Company  had a stock  option  plan as
     described in Note 5. No compensation  expense was recognized when the stock
     options were issued.  Consideration  received on exercise of stock  options
     was credited to share capital.

     Per share figures

     Basic per share figures are calculated using the weighted average number of
     common shares outstanding during the year.

     Effective  January  1,  2001,  the  Company  retroactively   adopted,  with
     restatement  of prior  periods,  the new  recommendations  of CICA Handbook
     Section  3500.  Under the revised  standard,  diluted per share figures are
     calculated  based on the  weighted  average  number of  shares  outstanding
     during  the year plus the  additional  common  shares  that would have been
     outstanding if potentially dilutive common shares had been issued using the
     treasury  stock method.  Prior to the adoption of the new  recommendations,
     diluted  per share  amounts  were  determined  using the  imputed  earnings
     method.



                                      F-51
<PAGE>



2.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Comparative figures

     Certain of the prior years'  comparative  figures have been reclassified to
     conform to the current year's presentation.

3.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       2002
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                    Accumulated
                                                                                   Depletion and        Net Book
                                                                    Cost            Depreciation          Value
                                                                      $                  $                  $
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                     <C>             <C>                <C>
    Petroleum and natural gas properties                                120,727         (102,708)          18,019
    Gas plants and related production facilities                         21,641         (16,314)            5,327
    Other assets                                                            621            (566)               55
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
    Net property and equipment                                          142,989        (119,588)           23,401
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                       2001
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                    Accumulated
                                                                                   Depletion and        Net Book
                                                                    Cost           Depreciation           Value
                                                                     $                   $                  $
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------

    Petroleum and natural gas properties                                 89,516           (25,649)         63,867
    Gas plants and related production facilities                         11,010          (3,097)            7,913
    Other assets                                                            597            (498)               99
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
    Net property and equipment                                          101,123         (29,244)           71,879
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
     For  the  year  ended   December   31,   2002,   $701,000  of  general  and
     administrative  expenses were capitalized as part of property and equipment
     related  directly to the Company's  exploration and development  activities
     (2001 - $402,000 and 2000 - $380,000).

     As a result of the quarterly ceiling test calculation at June 30, 2002, the
     Company  recorded a write-down of its petroleum and natural gas  properties
     and facilities in the amount of $82,635,000 ($49,649,000 net of related tax
     recovery). The impairment was primarily due to lower gas prices and reserve
     revisions  subsequent  to December 31, 2001,  and higher  future  estimated
     interest costs relating to the Mirant Facility (Note 4).


                                      F-52
<PAGE>

3.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

     Undeveloped  property costs of $4,961,511  were excluded from the depletion
     base for the year ended  December  31, 2002 (2001 -  $6,065,907  and 2000 -
     $6,441,705).

     Future site restoration and abandonment charges of $294,029 are included in
     depletion,  depreciation  and site  restoration  expense for the year ended
     December 31, 2002 (2001 - $197,987 and 2000 - $210,486).

4.   LONG-TERM DEBT

     Long term debt is comprised of the following:
                                                   2002                2001
                                                     $                  $
                                            ------------------ ----------------

    Mirant Facility                                72,398              40,127
    Revolving term credit facility                      -               5,000
    Cash held in trust                                  -              (5,000)
    Unamortized deferred financing charges         (3,171)             (3,771)
                                            ------------------ ----------------
                                                   69,227              36,356
                                            ------------------ ----------------

     At December  31, 2002 and 2001,  the  Company  had a credit  facility  with
     Mirant Canada Energy Capital Ltd.,  (the "Mirant  Facility") with a maximum
     available  limit of  $150,000,000.  At December 31, 2002,  $72,398,000  was
     drawn on this facility  (2001 -  $40,127,000).  Of the  $72,398,000  drawn,
     $10,000,000  was advanced to Canaxas  (2001 -  $10,000,000)  (Note 10). The
     Company is  required  to pay an amount  equal to monthly net cash flow from
     operations less interest payments,  general and administrative expenses and
     approved  capital  expenditures.  Loan  advances  are  supported by a first
     charge  demand  debenture  in the amount of  $200,000,000  together  with a
     debenture  pledge  agreement  providing  a first  priority  lien on all the
     assets of the Company.

     Under the Mirant  Facility,  loan advances bear interest at 9.5%, plus a 5%
     overriding  royalty which will decrease to 2.5% when certain conditions are
     met. The overriding  royalty granted to Mirant was treated as a disposition
     of petroleum and natural gas properties in the amount of $3,600,000, with a
     corresponding  deferred  financing charge recorded of $3,600,000,  based on
     the fair  value at the  date of  disposition.  This  deferred  charge  plus
     additional  fees paid in 2001 and 2002 to  secure  the  facility  have been
     netted against the outstanding  loan balance and are being amortized over a
     6-year period ending in 2007.


                                      F-53
<PAGE>
4.   LONG-TERM DEBT (Continued)

     The Mirant  Facility was used to  extinguish  the previous  revolving  term
     credit  facility.  As at December 31, 2001,  all of the previous  revolving
     term credit  facility had been repaid except for a banker's  acceptance for
     $5,000,000.  As at December  31, 2001,  equivalent  cash had been placed in
     trust to cover the $5,000,000 repayment, and accordingly was netted against
     the loan for financial  statement  purposes.  The remaining  $5,000,000 was
     repaid in January 2002.

     At December 31, 2000, the Company had a revolving term credit facility with
     a Canadian chartered bank with a maximum limit of $20,000,000.  At December
     31,  2000,  $11,792,690  was drawn down against  this  facility.  Under the
     facility,  loan advances bore interest at bank prime plus 1/8%, or the then
     current bankers' acceptances rate plus 1 1/8%. Loan advances were supported
     by a first  floating  charge demand  debenture in the amount of $25,000,000
     covering all the assets of the Company.  During May 2001, the maximum limit
     under the revolving term credit  facility was increased to $27,000,000  and
     remained  at this level until  replaced by the Mirant  Facility in December
     2001.

     Effective January 1, 2002, the Emerging Issues Committee of the CICA issued
     Abstract No. 122, which requires  callable debt obligations to be presented
     with current liabilities on the balance sheet. The maximum available amount
     under  the  Mirant   Facility  may  be  terminated  or  reduced  below  the
     outstanding amount only upon certain  unanticipated  events of default, and
     therefore is not classified as a callable debt obligation.  In addition, it
     is  anticipated  the  Company  will be a net  borrower  due to a number  of
     planned  capital  projects over the next several  years.  Accordingly,  the
     outstanding  balance has been  classified  as a long-term  liability on the
     balance sheet. The facility matures in December 2007.

     Interest  and  financing  charges  for the year  ended  December  31,  2002
     includes  $5,483,000 of interest expense relating to long-term debt (2001 -
     $843,000 and 2000 - $1,126,000).



                                      F-54
<PAGE>

5.   SHARE CAPITAL

     Authorized

     Unlimited number of common shares without nominal or par value.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

     Issued
                                                                              Number of               Amount
                                                                               Shares                   $
                                                                        ---------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                            <C>                      <C>
    Balance, January 1, 2000                                                   12,659,741               27,552

    Exercise of stock options                                                       1,800                    3
                                                                        ---------------------------------------------
    Balance, December 31, 2000                                                 12,661,541               27,555

    Exercise of stock options                                                     179,786                  336
                                                                        ---------------------------------------------
    Balance, December 31, 2001 and 2002                                        12,841,327               27,891
                                                                        ---------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

     Stock options

     Prior to December  31,  2001,  a maximum of  1,270,000  options to purchase
     common shares were authorized for issuance under the Company's stock option
     plan. The options were  exercisable  on a cumulative  basis at 25% per year
     commencing  one year after the grant date and  expiring  in five years from
     the date of grant.  During the year ended  December 31,  2001,  all options
     outstanding  in the Company were  cancelled  and new options were issued by
     Abraxas.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                  Number       Weighted Average
                                                                                of Options       Option Price
                                                                       ----------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                            <C>                     <C>
     Balance, January 1, 2000                                                  1,033,715               2.84
     Issued                                                                      398,376               1.60
     Exercised                                                                    (1,800)              1.60
     Cancelled                                                                  (420,262)              2.53
                                                                       ------------------------
     Balance, December 31, 2000                                                1,010,029               2.30
     Exercised                                                                  (179,786)              1.87
     Cancelled                                                                  (830,243)              2.39
                                                                       ------------------------
     Balance December 31, 2001 and 2002                                                -
                                                                       ------------------------

</TABLE>


                                      F-55
<PAGE>


6.   PROVISION FOR TAXES

     Effective  January 1, 2000,  the Company  accounts for future  income taxes
     using the liability method.  Prior to January 1, 2000, the Company followed
     the deferral method of accounting for income taxes.

     Upon adoption of the new  accounting  recommendation  of the CICA effective
     January 1, 2000,  the Company  recorded a future  income tax  liability  of
     $562,000 and decreased the Company's retained earnings by $562,000. Had the
     new method not been adopted, 2000 net earnings would have been increased by
     $88,000.

     The total  provision for taxes recorded  differs from the tax calculated by
     applying the combined  statutory  Canadian  corporate and provincial income
     tax rates as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                      2002              2001               2000
                                                                       $                  $                 $
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
   <S>                                                                <C>                  <C>               <C>
    Calculated income tax (recovery) expense at
    42.12% (2001 - 42.62% and 2000 - 44.62%)                    (33,351)             3,128             3,004
    Increase (decrease) in tax resulting from:
    Non-deductible crown royalties and other charges                 2,511              2,950             2,254
    Resource allowance and related items                              (583)            (2,757)           (2,066)
    Alberta Royalty Tax Credit                                        (105)              (177)             (231)
    Large Corporation Tax                                               24                144                61
    Tax rate adjustment                                                (62)              (151)                -
    Other                                                               (2)                68              (229)
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
    Provision for (recovery of) taxes                              (31,568)             3,205             2,793
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

     The major components of future income tax asset (liability) at December 31,
     2002 and 2001 are as follows:

                                                    2002             2001
                                                      $                $
                                               --------------- ----------------
    Property and equipment                          25,522           (7,672)
    Future site restoration                            514              447
    Share issue costs                                   19              117
    Attributed royalty income carried forward          607              511
    Resource allowance                              (1,357)             310
    Deferred financing costs                           (72)             (72)
                                               --------------- ----------------
                                                    25,233           (6,359)
                                               --------------- ----------------


     No valuation  allowance has been recorded with respect to the future income
     tax asset  balance at December  31, 2002 based on  management's  assessment
     that the amount is more likely than not to be realized.

                                      F-56
<PAGE>
7.   PER SHARE figures

     The  treasury   method  of  calculating   per  share  figures  was  adopted
     retroactively effective January 1, 2001, with restatement of prior periods.

     If the imputed earnings method was utilized for the year ended December 31,
     2000,  diluted net  earnings  per share would have been $0.31 per share and
     diluted cash flow from  operations  per share would have been $1.11.  There
     was no impact on 2001 diluted per share figures as a result of adopting the
     new treasury method.

8.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     Financial  instruments  of the  Company  consist  of  accounts  receivable,
     long-term  receivable,   accounts  payable  and  accrued  liabilities,  and
     long-term debt. As at December 31, 2002 and 2001, there were no significant
     differences  between the carrying  amounts of these  financial  instruments
     reported on the balance sheets and their estimated fair values.

     Credit risk

     The majority of the Company's accounts receivable are in respect of oil and
     gas operations.  The Company  generally  extends  unsecured credit to these
     customers,  and  therefore,  the  collection of accounts  receivable may be
     affected by changes in economic or other  conditions.  Management  believes
     the risk is mitigated by the size and  reputation of the companies to which
     they extend credit. The Company has not previously experienced any material
     credit loss in the collection of receivables.

     Interest rate risk

     The Company's  long-term debt bears interest at a floating market rate plus
     1/8%.  Accordingly,  the Company is subject to interest  rate risk,  as the
     required  cash  flow to  service  the debt  will  fluctuate  as a result of
     changes in market rates.

     Commodity price risk

     The nature of the Company's  operations results in exposure to fluctuations
     in  commodity  prices.  The  Company  from time to time  employs  financial
     instruments to manage its exposure to commodity  prices.  These instruments
     are not  used  for  speculative  trading  purposes.  Gains  and  losses  on
     commodity  price  hedges  are  included  in  revenues  upon the sale of the
     related  production.  The Company had not entered into any  contracts as at
     December 31, 2002 and 2001.


                                      F-57
<PAGE>
9.   SUPPLEMENTARY CASH FLOW INFORMATION
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                      2002              2001               2000
                                                                       $                  $                 $
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                  <C>                 <C>             <C>
    Accounts receivable                                              1,750               (165)           (5,712)
    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                        (5,105)              (581)            7,648
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
    Changes in non-cash working capital items                       (3,355)              (746)            1,936
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


10.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     The Company manages the assets and operations of Canadian Abraxas Petroleum
     Limited ("Canaxas")  pursuant to a Management  Agreement dated November 12,
     1996. Canaxas is a wholly-owned  subsidiary of Abraxas.  As at December 31,
     2002 and 2001,  Abraxas  owned 97.3% (2000 - 46.0%) of the common shares of
     the Company and  Canaxas  owned 2.7% (2000 - 2.7%) of the common  shares of
     the Company. The aggregate common costs of operations and administration of
     the Canaxas and Grey Wolf assets are shared on a pro-rata  basis,  based on
     revenue.

     During the year ended December 31, 2002,  $2,967,200 was charged to Canaxas
     with respect to the  Management  Agreement  (2001 -  $2,633,716  and 2000 -
     $3,456,023). Abraxas also charged the Company a corporate service charge of
     $885,000 for the year ended December 31, 2002 of which $480,000 was charged
     out to Canaxas. For the year ended December 31, 2001, the Abraxas corporate
     service  charge was $849,000  (2000 - $Nil) of which $589,000 (2000 - $Nil)
     was charged out to Canaxas.  All amounts relating to the Abraxas  corporate
     service charge and the Management  Agreement with Canaxas are  non-interest
     bearing, are not collateralized and are due on demand.

     At December 31, 2002 and 2001, the Company had a long-term  receivable from
     Canaxas in the amount of  $10,000,000  (Note 4) (2000 - $Nil).  The balance
     bears  interest at 9.65% and has no fixed terms of repayment.  Interest and
     financing  charges of $4,518,000  for the year ended  December 31, 2002 are
     net of $965,000  interest  income  accrued  ($Nil for  comparative  periods
     presented) related to the long-term receivable from Canaxas.

     Following  is  a  summary  of  amounts  included  in  accounts  receivable,
     long-term  receivable  and accounts  payable that are due from (to) related
     parties as at December 31, 2002 and 2001:


                                      F-58
<PAGE>

10.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

                                                    2002           2001
                                                     $               $
                                               -----------------------------

    Short-term receivable from Canaxas            1,236         4,330
    Long-term receivable from Canaxas             10,000        10,000
    Short-term payable to Abraxas                 -             (849)

11.  CONTINGENCIES

     The Company is subject to various claims arising from its operations in the
     normal course of business,  none of which are expected,  individually or in
     the  aggregate,  to  have  a  material  adverse  impact  on  the  Company's
     operations or financial position.

12.  DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CANADIAN AND UNITED STATES GENERALLY
     ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES

     Reconciliation to United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles

     The  financial  statements  of the Company have been prepared in accordance
     with Canadian generally accepted accounting  principles  ("Canadian GAAP"),
     which in most respects, conform to accounting principles generally accepted
     in the United States of America ("U.S.  GAAP").  Differences from U.S. GAAP
     having a significant  effect on the Company's balance sheets and statements
     of earnings  (loss) and retained  earnings  (deficit) and of cash flows are
     described and quantified below for the years indicated:

     (a)Under  U.S.  GAAP,   interest  costs  associated  with  certain  capital
        expenditures  are required to be  capitalized  as part of the historical
        cost of the oil and gas assets.  Under Canadian GAAP, the calculation of
        interest costs eligible for capitalization  differs from the calculation
        under U.S. GAAP in certain respects and is optional at the discretion of
        the entity.  Accordingly,  no amounts have been capitalized with respect
        to the  Canadian  GAAP  financial  statements.  The impact of  recording
        capitalized  interest  under U.S. GAAP would be to increase the carrying
        value of property and  equipment  by $168,000 in 2002,  $119,000 in 2001
        and $69,000 in 2000 with a corresponding decrease in interest expense in
        the respective  periods.  There was no cumulative  adjustment under U.S.
        GAAP for years prior to 2000.


                                      F-59
<PAGE>

12.  DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CANADIAN AND UNITED STATES GENERALLY
     ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued)

     (b)In  September  2001,  Abraxas  acquired  the  remaining  non-controlling
        interest  of the  Company.  Consideration  was  comprised  of 0.6 common
        shares of Abraxas,  in exchange  for each common  share of the  Company.
        Under U.S.  GAAP,  the costs  assigned to assets and  liabilities by the
        acquiring  company  under  a  business  combination  are  considered  to
        constitute  a new  basis  of  accounting.  Accordingly,  the  historical
        carrying  values  of  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  subsidiary  are
        comprehensively  revalued  based  on the  purchase  price  assigned  for
        consolidation  purposes at the time it becomes  wholly owned ("push down
        accounting").  Under Canadian GAAP, comprehensive  revaluation of assets
        and liabilities in the financial  statements of a subsidiary  based on a
        purchase  transaction   involving  acquisition  of  all  of  the  equity
        interests is permitted,  but not required. Had the consolidation entries
        of Abraxas  related to the  acquisition  been  applied in the  Company's
        financial   statements  using  "push  down  accounting",   property  and
        equipment and future income tax liability would be reduced by $4,074,000
        and $1,736,000, respectively, accounts receivable would be increased and
        interest  and  financing  charges  decreased  by $984,000  (relating  to
        certain  costs  of the  transaction  paid  by  the  Company),  with  the
        remaining  amount of  $2,338,000  recorded as a  revaluation  adjustment
        within shareholders' equity.

     (c)Under U.S.  GAAP,  the  carrying  value of  petroleum  and  natural  gas
        properties  and related  facilities  at the balance  sheet date,  net of
        deferred income taxes and accumulated  site  restoration and abandonment
        liability,  is  limited to the  present  value of  after-tax  future net
        revenue from proven reserves,  discounted at 10 percent,  plus the lower
        of cost  and  fair  value  of  unproved  oil and gas  properties.  Under
        Canadian  GAAP,  the  "ceiling  test"  calculation  is  performed  using
        undiscounted  after-tax net revenues,  less future estimated general and
        administrative and financing costs plus the lower of cost and fair value
        of unproved oil and gas properties. Had the ceiling test been applied in
        accordance  with U.S. GAAP,  the write-down  recorded for the year ended
        December  31,  2002 would have been  lower by  $41,155,000  ($25,464,000
        after-tax).  There were no  differences  between the  application of the
        Canadian  and U.S.  GAAP  ceiling  tests in 2001 and 2000,  or for years
        prior to 2000.


                                      F-60
<PAGE>



12.  DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CANADIAN AND UNITED STATES GENERALLY
     ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued)

     (d)Prior to 2000,  Canadian GAAP required the use of the deferral method of
        accounting for income taxes.  For fiscal  periods  beginning on or after
        January  1,  2000,  retroactive  adoption  of the  liability  method  of
        accounting  for income taxes was required,  which is  substantially  the
        same as Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  Statement No. 109 under
        U.S. GAAP. However, upon adoption of the new recommendation for Canadian
        GAAP,  companies  were  permitted to record the impact of differences in
        accounting and tax bases to retained  earnings as a one-time  transition
        adjustment.  Accordingly,  property and equipment would have been higher
        under  U.S.  GAAP by  $682,000  for 2002 and 2001  before  the impact of
        depletion. In addition, future income tax expense of $480,000 would have
        been recorded for 1999 under U.S. GAAP.

     (e)As a result of the Canadian - U.S. GAAP  differences  in  capitalization
        of  interest,  "push  down  accounting",  ceiling  test  write-down  and
        adoption of the  deferral  method of  accounting  for  incomes  taxes as
        outlined  in  (a),  (b),  (c)  and  (d),  respectively,   depletion  and
        depreciation  expense and property and  equipment  under U.S.  GAAP have
        been  adjusted for each of the years ended  December 31, 2002,  2001 and
        2000. The cumulative increase in depletion and depreciation  expense for
        years prior to 2000 was $158,000.

     (f)Future income taxes have been  adjusted for the year ended  December 31,
        2002 for the tax impact of the Canadian - U.S. GAAP differences outlined
        in (a) through (e). Except for the impact on future tax expense for 1999
        as noted in (d), the cumulative  impact on future income taxes for years
        prior to 2002 was not significant.

     (g)Prior to 2001,  Canadian GAAP  required the use of the imputed  earnings
        method for purposes of the  calculation  of fully  diluted  earnings per
        share.  For  fiscal  periods  beginning  on or after  January  1,  2001,
        retroactive application of the treasury stock method with restatement of
        prior periods is required,  which is substantially the same as Financial
        Accounting   Standards   Board   Statement  No.  128  under  U.S.  GAAP.
        Accordingly, no adjustments are required to conform the diluted earnings
        (loss) per share figures to U.S. GAAP,  except for the net income (loss)
        effect of the above-noted Canadian - U.S. GAAP differences identified.



                                      F-61
<PAGE>

12.  DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CANADIAN AND UNITED STATES GENERALLY
     ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued)

     The application of U.S. GAAP would have the following effect on the
Statements of Earnings (Loss):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               Years Ended December 31,
                                                                  ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                        2002              2001             2000
                                                                         $                 $                $
                                                                  ----------------- ----------------- ---------------

<S>                                                                       <C>                  <C>             <C>
      Net earnings (loss), as reported                                    (47,613)             4,135           3,940

         Capitalized interest (a)                                              168               119              69
         Depreciation, depletion and site restoration (e)                  (2,401)              (62)            (88)
         Write-down of petroleum and natural gas  properties
          and facilities (c)                                                41,155                 -               -
         Interest and financing charges (b)                                      -               984               -
         Future income tax expense (recovery) (f)                         (14,495)                 -               -
                                                                  ----------------- ----------------- ---------------

      Net earnings (loss), U.S. GAAP                                      (23,186)             5,176           3,921
                                                                  ----------------- ----------------- ---------------

      Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share, as reported              (3.71)              0.32            0.31
         Effect of increase (decrease) in net earnings
         (loss) under U.S. GAAP                                               1.90              0.09               -
                                                                  ----------------- ----------------- ---------------
      Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share, U.S. GAAP (g)            (1.81)              0.41            0.31
                                                                  ----------------- ----------------- ---------------
</TABLE>




                                      F-62
<PAGE>

12.  DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CANADIAN AND UNITED STATES GENERALLY
     ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

     The application of U.S. GAAP would have the following effect on the Balance
Sheets:

                                                    As At December 31, 2002                        As At December 31, 2001
                                          --------------------------------------------    -----------------------------------------
                                                           Cumulative                                      Cumulative
                                               As           Increase         U.S.              As           Increase        U.S.
                                            Reported       (Decrease)        GAAP           Reported       (Decrease)       GAAP
                                           -------------- ---------------- ------------    -------------- --------------- ---------

ASSETS

<S>                                           <C>                <C>          <C>             <C>                <C>        <C>
Accounts receivable (b)                       8,230              984          9,214           9,980              984        10,964
Property and equipment (a)(b)(c)(d)(e)       23,401           35,414         58,815          71,879           (3,509)       68,370
Future income taxes (f)                      25,233          (12,759)        12,474               -                -             -

LIABILITIES

Future income taxes (d)(f)                        -                -              -           6,359           (1,736)        4,623

SHAREHOLDERS'
    EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)

Revaluation adjustment (b)                        -           (2,338)        (2,338)              -           (2,338)       (2,338)
Retained earnings (deficit)
(a)(b)(c)(d)(e)(f)                          (38,188)          25,977        (15,255)          9,425            1,549        10,974

</TABLE>




                                      F-63
<PAGE>




12.  DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CANADIAN AND UNITED STATES GENERALLY
     ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

     The application of U.S. GAAP would have the following effect on the
Statements of Cash Flows:
                                                                                   Years Ended December 31,
                                                                          --------------------------------------------
                                                                               2002         2001            2000
                                                                                $             $               $
                                                                          ------------- -------------- ---------------

    OPERATING ACTIVITIES

<S>                                                                             <C>          <C>            <C>
    Cash flow from operating activities, as reported                            8,712        14,814         16,532

    Increase (decrease) in:
       Net earnings (loss)                                                     24,427         1,041            (19)
       Depletion, depreciation and site restoration (e)                         2,401            62             88
       Write-down of petroleum and natural gas properties
            and facilities (c)                                                (41,155)            -              -
      Future income tax expense (recovery) (f)                                 14,495             -              -
      Changes in non-cash working capital items (b)                                 -          (984)             -
                                                                          ------------- -------------- ---------------
    Cash flow from operating activities, U.S. GAAP                              8,880        14,933         16,601
                                                                          ------------- -------------- ---------------


    INVESTING ACTIVITIES

    Net cash (used) provided by investing activities, as reported             (42,023)      (29,079)       (16,262)

       Increase in capital expenditures (a)                                      (168)         (119)           (69)
                                                                          ------------- -------------- ---------------

    Net cash (used) provided by investing activities,
       U.S. GAAP                                                              (42,191)      (29,198)       (16,331)
                                                                          ------------- -------------- ---------------
</TABLE>

     The  investing  activities  portion of the statement of cash flows for 2000
     prepared  under  Canadian GAAP  discloses the aggregate  costs related to a
     property swap arrangement, with adjustments to arrive at the cash component
     of the  transaction.  Under  U.S.  GAAP only the net cash  amount  would be
     presented on the statement of cash flows.




                                      F-64
<PAGE>

12.  DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CANADIAN AND UNITED STATES GENERALLY
     ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued)

     Under Canadian GAAP,  companies are permitted to present a sub-total  prior
     to changes in non-cash  working capital within operating  activities.  This
     information is perceived to be useful  information for various users of the
     financial   statements  and  is  commonly   presented  by  Canadian  public
     companies. Under U.S. GAAP, this sub-total is not permitted to be shown and
     would be removed in the statements of cash flows for all periods presented.
     In  addition,  cash flow from  operations  per share  figures  would not be
     presented under U.S. GAAP.

     Recent U.S. Accounting Developments

     Statement No. 143, "Accounting for Asset Retirement  Obligations" (FAS 143)
     was released by the Financial  Accounting Standards Board in June 2001. FAS
     143 requires liability  recognition for retirement  obligations  associated
     with tangible long-lived assets. The initial amount of the asset retirement
     obligation is to be recorded at fair value. The asset retirement cost equal
     to the fair value of the retirement obligation is to be capitalized as part
     of the cost of the related  long-lived  asset and amortized to expense over
     the useful life of the asset. Enterprises are required to adopt FAS 143 for
     fiscal  years  beginning  after June 15,  2002.  The  Company is  currently
     assessing  the impact  that  adoption  of this  standard  would have on its
     financial  position  and results of  operations,  in  conjunction  with the
     January 23, 2003 transaction as described in Note 13.

     The Financial Accounting Standards Board also recently issued Statement No.
     144,  "Accounting for the Impairment of Disposal of Long-Lived Assets" (FAS
     144).  FAS 144 will  replace  previous  United  States  generally  accepted
     accounting  principles  regarding  accounting  for impairment of long-lived
     assets and accounting and reporting for  discontinued  operations.  FAS 144
     retains the  fundamental  provisions of the prior standard for  recognizing
     and measuring  impairment losses on long-lived  assets. FAS 144 retains the
     basic  provisions of the prior standard for  presentation  of  discontinued
     operations  in the income  statement,  but broadens  that  presentation  to
     include a  component  of an entity  rather  than a segment  of a  business.
     Enterprises  are required to adopt FAS 144 for fiscal years beginning after
     December  15,  2001.  The  Company  has  adopted  the  accounting  standard
     effective  January  1,  2002.  The  standard  is  not  expected  to  have a
     significant  future impact on the Company's  financial position and results
     of operations.



                                      F-65
<PAGE>

12.  DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CANADIAN AND UNITED STATES GENERALLY
     ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued)

     The Financial Accounting Standards Board also recently issued Statement No.
     146,  "Accounting for Costs  Associated  With Exit or Disposal  Activities"
     (FAS 146). FAS 146 addresses  financial  accounting and reporting for costs
     associated with exit or disposal  activities and nullifies  Emerging Issues
     Task Force  (EITF)  Issue No.  94-3,  "Liability  Recognition  for  Certain
     Employee   Termination  Benefits  and  Other  Costs  to  Exit  an  Activity
     (including Certain Costs Incurred in a  Restructuring)."  The provisions of
     this  Statement  are  effective  for exit or disposal  activities  that are
     initiated after December 31, 2002, with early application  encouraged.  The
     standard is not  expected  to have a  significant  impact on the  Company's
     financial position or results of operations.

13.  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

     On January 23, 2003,  Abraxas  completed the sale of all of the outstanding
     common shares of the Company to an unrelated third party (the  "Purchaser")
     for gross cash proceeds of approximately  $110,790,000,  subject to closing
     adjustments.  Upon  closing of the sale,  the Company was required to repay
     the outstanding  indebtedness  including  accrued interest under the Mirant
     Facility,  totaling  $72,847,000.  Prior to the sale, certain petroleum and
     natural gas assets of the Company with a net book value of $8,871,000  were
     transferred to a related  newly-formed  subsidiary of Abraxas, a portion of
     which  will be  developed  jointly  under  farmout  arrangements  with  the
     Purchaser.




                                      F-66

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
