<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f10k_032702.txt
<TEXT>






             As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
                                 March 27, 2002
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                    FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
[X]  ANNUAL REPORT  PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  SECURITIES  EXCHANGE
     ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001.
                                       OR

[ ]  TRANSITION  REPORT  PURSUANT  TO SECTION  13  OR  15(d)  OF THE  SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from _____ to _____.

                         Commission File Number 0-17440
                      ------------------------------------

                    FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION
      ----------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

             Federally chartered
               instrumentality                        52-1578738
            of the United States
      ----------------------------------   ---------------------------------
       (State or other jurisdiction of     (I.R.S. employer identification
       incorporation or organization)      number)

        1133 21st Street, N.W., Suite
                    600,                                20036
              Washington, D.C.
      ----------------------------------   ---------------------------------
       (Address of principal executive                (Zip code)
                  offices)


                                  (202) 872-7700
                  -----------------------------------------------
               (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)



Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

      Title of Each Class                          Exchange on Which Registered
     ---------------------                        ------------------------------
Class A Voting Common Stock                          New York Stock Exchange
Class C Non-Voting Common Stock                      New York Stock Exchange

Securities  registered  pursuant  to  Section  12(g) of the Act:  Class B Voting
Common Stock



<PAGE>



     Indicate  by check mark  whether the  Registrant  (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during the  preceding  twelve  months  (or such  shorter  period  that the
Registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes   [X]               No    [  ]

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K (17 C.F.R.  ss.229.405) is not contained herein,  and will
not be contained, to the best of the Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy
or  information  statements  incorporated  by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

     The aggregate  market values of the Class A Voting Common Stock and Class C
Non-Voting   Common  Stock  held  by   non-affiliates  of  the  Registrant  were
$35,067,135.60 and $433,593,283.90,  respectively, based upon the closing prices
for the respective  classes on March 11, 2002, as reported by the New York Stock
Exchange.  The aggregate  market value of the Class B Voting Common Stock is not
ascertainable due to the absence of publicly available  quotations or prices for
the Class B Voting  Common  Stock as a result of the  limited  market  for,  and
infrequency of trades in, Class B Voting Common Stock and the fact that any such
trades are privately negotiated transactions.

     There were 1,030,780 shares of Class A Voting Common Stock,  500,301 shares
of Class B Voting  Common  Stock and  10,060,169  shares  of Class C  Non-Voting
Common Stock outstanding as of March 11, 2002.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     Proxy  Statement to be filed on or about April 19, 2002 in connection  with
the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on June 6, 2002 (portions of which
are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K).







<PAGE>


                                     PART I

Item 1. Business

General

     The  Federal  Agricultural   Mortgage  Corporation  ("Farmer  Mac"  or  the
"Corporation") is a  stockholder-owned,  federally chartered  instrumentality of
the  United  States  that was  created  to  establish  a  secondary  market  for
agricultural real estate and rural housing mortgage loans  ("Qualified  Loans").
Farmer Mac was created by the Agricultural  Credit Act of 1987 (12 U.S.C. ss.ss.
2279aa et seq.),  which  amended the Farm Credit Act of 1971  (collectively,  as
amended,  the "Act") to provide  for the  existence  of a  secondary  market for
agricultural  mortgages.  Farmer  Mac  provides  liquidity  to the  agricultural
mortgage  market by: (1) purchasing  newly  originated  Qualified Loans directly
from lenders  through its "cash window" and existing,  or "seasoned,"  Qualified
Loans from  lenders  and other third  parties in  negotiated  transactions;  (2)
exchanging securities guaranteed by Farmer Mac for newly originated and seasoned
Qualified  Loans that back those  securities  through  its "swap"  program;  (3)
issuing long-term standby purchase commitments for newly originated and seasoned
Qualified Loans; and (4) purchasing  mortgage-backed  bonds secured by Qualified
Loans through its "AgVantage" program. Generally, the loans involved in swap and
long-term standby purchase commitment transactions are seasoned loans.

     Farmer Mac conducts its business through two  programs--"Farmer  Mac I" and
"Farmer  Mac II."  Under the Farmer Mac I  Program,  Farmer  Mac  purchases,  or
commits to purchase,  Qualified Loans, or obligations backed by Qualified Loans,
that are not guaranteed by any  instrumentality  or agency of the United States.
Under the Farmer Mac II Program,  Farmer Mac purchases the  guaranteed  portions
(the "Guaranteed  Portions") of loans guaranteed by the United States Department
of  Agriculture  (the  "USDA")  pursuant  to the  Consolidated  Farm  and  Rural
Development Act (7 U.S.C. ss.ss. 1921 et seq.; the "ConAct").

     Pursuant to its statutory authority,  Farmer Mac guarantees timely payments
of principal and interest on securities  backed by Qualified Loans or Guaranteed
Portions  ("Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities")  and retains those securities in
its  portfolio  or sells them in the capital  markets.  As of December 31, 2001,
outstanding Farmer Mac guarantees  totaled $4.187 billion.  For more information
about Farmer Mac's securities and its financial  performance,  see "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."

     Farmer Mac's current principal sources of revenue are: (1) fees received in
connection  with the  issuance  of its  guarantee  and  commitments  to purchase
Qualified Loans; and (2) net interest income earned on its retained portfolio of
Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed   Securities,   Qualified  Loans,  AgVantage  bonds  and
investments.

     Farmer Mac funds its program  operations  primarily through the issuance of
debt  obligations of various  maturities.  See "Farmer Mac Guarantee  Program --
Financing." As of December 31, 2001,  Farmer Mac had outstanding  $2.197 billion
of Discount Notes and $1.004 billion of  Medium-Term  Notes,  net of unamortized
hedging  costs,  discounts and premiums.  During 2001,  Farmer Mac continued its
strategy of using debt issuances to increase its presence in the capital markets
in order to improve the mortgage rates available to farmers,  ranchers and rural
homeowners. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations -- Results of Operations -- Net Interest Income."

     Farmer  Mac  is an  institution  of  the  Farm  Credit  System  (a  "System
Institution"),  but is not liable for any debt or obligation of any other System
Institution.  Likewise,  neither the Farm Credit System nor any other individual
System Institution is liable for any debt or obligation of Farmer Mac.

     The Farm Credit  Administration  (the "FCA"),  acting through its Office of
Secondary  Market  Oversight  ("OSMO"),  has general  regulatory and enforcement
authority  over Farmer Mac,  including  the  authority to  promulgate  rules and
regulations  governing  the  activities of Farmer Mac and to apply FCA's general
enforcement powers to Farmer Mac and its activities.  For a discussion of Farmer
Mac's statutory  capital  requirements  and its capital levels,  see "Government
Regulation of Farmer Mac -- Regulation -- Capital  Standards" and  "Management's
Discussion  and Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of  Operations  --
Results of Operations  -- Overview"  and "-- Liquidity and Capital  Resources --
Capital Requirements."

     Farmer Mac has three classes of common stock  outstanding--Class  A Voting,
Class B Voting and Class C Non-Voting  (collectively,  the "Common Stock").  The
Class A and Class B Voting Common Stock are  collectively  referred to herein as
the  "Voting  Common  Stock." See "Market  for  Registrant's  Common  Equity and
Related  Stockholder  Matters"  for  information  regarding  Farmer Mac's Common
Stock.

     As of December 31, 2001, Farmer Mac employed 30 persons,  located primarily
at its principal executive offices at 1133 Twenty-First Street, N.W., Suite 600,
Washington, D.C. 20036. Its telephone number is (202) 872-7700.




<PAGE>


                          FARMER MAC GUARANTEE PROGRAM

Farmer Mac I

      Qualified Loans

     Under the  Farmer  Mac I  Program,  Farmer  Mac  purchases,  or  commits to
purchase,  Qualified Loans and guarantees  securities backed by, or representing
interests  in,  Qualified  Loans.  A Qualified  Loan is a loan  secured by a fee
simple mortgage or a long-term leasehold  mortgage,  with status as a first lien
on  Agricultural  Real Estate or Rural Housing (as defined below) located within
the United States. A Qualified Loan must also be an obligation of: (1) a citizen
or national of the United  States or an alien  lawfully  admitted for  permanent
residence in the United  States;  or (2) a private  corporation  or  partnership
whose  members,  stockholders  or  partners  holding a majority  interest in the
corporation or partnership are individuals  described in clause (1). A Qualified
Loan must also be an obligation of a person,  corporation or partnership  having
sufficient indicia of  creditworthiness  to indicate a reasonable  likelihood of
repayment of the loan according to its terms. A Qualified Loan may be a seasoned
or newly originated mortgage loan that conforms to Farmer Mac's requirements.

     Qualified  Loans must be secured either by  Agricultural  Real Estate or by
Rural Housing.  "Agricultural  Real Estate" is defined as a parcel or parcels of
land,  which  may  be  improved  by  permanently   affixed  buildings  or  other
structures,  that (1) are used for the  production  of one or more  agricultural
commodities or products;  and (2) consist of a minimum of five acres or are used
in producing minimum annual receipts of $5,000.  The maximum principal amount of
a  Qualified  Loan  secured by  Agricultural  Real  Estate is $3.8  million  (as
adjusted for  inflation  as of December 1, 2001) for loans  secured by more than
1,000 acres of land and $10.0 million for loans secured by 1,000 acres or less.

     "Rural  Housing"  is  defined  as a one-  to  four-family,  owner-occupied,
moderately priced principal residence located in a community having a population
of 2,500 or fewer inhabitants,  where the dwelling  (excluding the land to which
the  dwelling is affixed)  does not have a purchase  price or current  appraised
value of more than  $153,386 (as adjusted for  inflation as of October 1, 2001).
In  addition to the  dwelling  itself,  a Rural  Housing  Qualified  Loan can be
secured by land  associated  with the dwelling  having an appraised  value of no
more than 50 percent of the total appraised value of the combined  property.  To
date,  Rural Housing  Qualified Loans have not represented a significant part of
Farmer Mac's business.

      Purchases

     Qualified Loan  Purchases.  Farmer Mac purchases  Qualified  Loans directly
from approved  lenders  ("Sellers")  for cash on a continuing  basis through its
"cash  window."  Farmer Mac also  purchases  portfolios  of newly  originated or
seasoned Qualified Loans on a negotiated basis.  Farmer Mac primarily  purchases
fixed- and adjustable-rate Qualified Loans, but may also purchase other types of
Qualified Loans, including convertible mortgage loans. Qualified Loans purchased
by Farmer Mac have a variety of maturities and often include  balloon  payments.
Certain Qualified Loans also include provisions that require a yield maintenance
payment in the event of prepayment  (depending  upon the level of interest rates
at the time of prepayment).  Farmer Mac seeks to develop and offer loan products
that are in demand by agricultural  borrowers and the lenders who serve them and
that can be efficiently  securitized and sold into the capital markets.  Because
the  securitization  process  requires the grouping of loans into uniform pools,
Farmer Mac emphasizes the importance of conformity to its program  requirements,
including the interest rate, amortization,  maturity and payment specifications,
when it offers to purchase loans.

     During 2001, Farmer Mac purchased $266.6 million of Qualified Loans through
its  Farmer  Mac I cash  window  program.  During  the year,  the top 10 Sellers
generated  72.2 percent of the total  Farmer Mac I cash window loan  volume,  of
which total Zions First National Bank, Farmer Mac's largest combined Class A and
Class C stockholder,  accounted for 34.4 percent. For more information regarding
loan volume,  see "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition
and Results of Operations -- Results of Operations -- Business Volume."

     Mortgage-Backed Bond Purchases.  Under the "AgVantage" program,  Farmer Mac
purchases  (and  guarantees   timely  payment  of  principal  and  interest  on)
mortgage-backed  bonds  issued  by  Sellers  who also  have  been  certified  as
"AgVantage certified facilities" (each, an "AgVantage Issuer") based upon Farmer
Mac's  assessment  of  their   agricultural   loan  underwriting  and  servicing
capabilities,  as well  as  their  creditworthiness.  Each  AgVantage  bond is a
general  obligation of the related  AgVantage  Issuer and is secured by eligible
collateral  in an amount  ranging  from 120 percent to 150 percent of the bond's
outstanding  principal amount.  Eligible  collateral consists of Qualified Loans
having an  aggregate  principal  balance  equal to at least 100  percent  of the
bond's  outstanding  principal amount plus cash or securities issued by the U.S.
Treasury or guaranteed by an agency or instrumentality of the United States that
makes up any remaining required collateral. During 2001, Farmer Mac purchased 18
AgVantage bonds with  maturities  ranging from one month to three years (most of
which were less than one year) from five AgVantage  Issuers  resulting in Farmer
Mac  guarantees  of $126.4  million.  As of December 31, 2001,  the  outstanding
principal amount of AgVantage bonds was $24.5 million.

      Off-Balance Sheet Guarantees

     Farmer Mac offers two  alternatives  to lenders  who seek the  benefits  of
Farmer  Mac's  guarantee  without  selling  loans to Farmer Mac through the cash
window--"swap"   transactions  and  long-term   standby   purchase   commitments
("LTSPCs").  In a swap  transaction,  Farmer Mac acquires  Qualified  Loans from
lenders  in  exchange  for  Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  backed  by such
Qualified Loans. Unlike cash window transactions,  which generally involve loans
with terms  specified by Farmer Mac in advance,  swap  transactions  usually are
negotiated  with the lender and often involve  loans with payment,  maturity and
interest rate characteristics that differ from those of Farmer Mac's cash window
purchases.  Regardless of variances in loan terms from the cash window products,
Qualified Loans must conform to Farmer Mac's credit standards to be eligible for
swap  transactions.  Farmer  Mac's  credit  standards  are  discussed  under "--
Underwriting and Appraisal Standards" below.

     Farmer Mac's variant to a swap  transaction,  the LTSPC, is available for a
Seller seeking to obtain all of the benefits of a swap  transaction  (other than
the  replacement of loans with securities on the Seller's books) while retaining
title to the Qualified  Loans.  An LTSPC permits a Seller to segregate a pool of
Qualified  Loans in its portfolio and transfer the credit risk on those loans to
Farmer Mac. Under an LTSPC, Farmer Mac commits to purchase any Qualified Loan in
a  segregated  pool of loans if: (a) the  Qualified  Loan  becomes  four  months
delinquent; (b) the Qualified Loan meets Farmer Mac's loan purchase requirements
at the time the Seller  requests  that Farmer Mac purchase the loan;  or (c) the
Seller requests that Farmer Mac purchase all of the identified  Qualified Loans.
In the case of a  delinquent  Qualified  Loan,  Farmer Mac will pay the Seller a
predetermined  price for the  loan--generally,  principal plus accrued  interest
(the  payment  of the  accrued  interest  being  delayed  until  the  delinquent
Qualified Loan is liquidated);  in the case of a Qualified Loan under clause (b)
or (c), the price for the  Qualified  Loan(s) would be negotiated at the time of
purchase.  This structure  permits the Seller to retain the segregated  loans in
its  portfolio  while  reducing  its credit  and  concentration  exposures  and,
consequently,  its regulatory capital requirements.  In consideration for Farmer
Mac's  assumption of the credit risk on the  segregated  loans,  the Seller pays
fees to Farmer  Mac  based on the  outstanding  balance  of the loans at a level
approximating what would have been Farmer Mac's guarantee fee had the loans been
exchanged with Farmer Mac in a swap  transaction.  The credit risk to Farmer Mac
related  to an LTSPC is the same as that of a swap  transaction  or  Farmer  Mac
Guaranteed Security.

     In 2001,  the LTSPC  continued to develop as a  significant  portion of the
Farmer Mac I Program and was the  preferred  alternative  to swaps for  non-cash
transactions.  Through December 31, 2001, a total of $2.044 billion of Qualified
Loans had been placed under LTSPCs with 15 System  Institutions.  As of December
31,  2001,  a  cumulative  total  of 8,286  Qualified  Loans  with an  aggregate
principal balance of $1.884 billion remained under LTSPCs.  For more information
regarding  guarantee  volume,  see  "Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis  of
Financial  Condition  and  Results of  Operations  -- Results of  Operations  --
Business Volume."

      Underwriting and Appraisal Standards

     Farmer  Mac  has  established  Underwriting  and  Appraisal  Standards  for
Qualified  Loans in an effort to reduce the risk of loss from borrower  defaults
and to provide guidance concerning the management, administration and conduct of
underwriting  and  appraisals to all  participants  in the Farmer Mac I Program.
These  standards were developed on the basis of industry norms for  agricultural
mortgage loans qualified to be sold in the secondary market and were designed to
assess  the  creditworthiness  of the  borrower,  as  well as the  value  of the
mortgaged  property  relative to the amount of the  Qualified  Loan.  Farmer Mac
requires Sellers to make representations and warranties regarding the conformity
of Qualified Loans to these standards and other  requirements it may impose from
time to time.

     The  Underwriting   Standards  require,   among  other  things,   that  the
loan-to-value ratio for any Qualified Loan (other than a part-time farm loan and
a loan on an  agricultural  facility  with a related  integrator  contract)  not
exceed 70  percent.  In the case of newly  originated  Agricultural  Real Estate
Qualified  Loans that are not  part-time  farm loans,  borrowers  must also meet
certain credit ratios,  including:  (1) a pro forma (after closing the new loan)
debt-to-asset  ratio of 50  percent  or less;  (2) a pro  forma  cash  flow debt
service coverage ratio on the mortgaged property of not less than 1:1; (3) a pro
forma total debt service coverage ratio,  including farm and non-farm income, of
not less than  1.25:1;  and (4) a pro forma  ratio of current  assets to current
liabilities of not less than 1:1. In early 1998, Farmer Mac introduced a premium
loan program for loans to highly  creditworthy  borrowers.  Under that  program,
Qualified Loans meeting certain more stringent  Underwriting  Standards than the
foregoing loan-to-value and credit ratios would qualify for guarantee at a lower
fee than those  applicable to loans not meeting the higher  standards.  In 1999,
Farmer Mac  introduced a loan product for borrowers  with high credit scores and
whose security  properties have low loan-to-value  ratios.  For these borrowers,
loan  processing  has been  simplified  and  documentation  of the credit ratios
described above is not necessary.

     In the case of a seasoned loan (a loan that has been  outstanding  for five
or more years),  Farmer Mac  considers  sustained  performance  to be a reliable
alternative  indicator of a borrower's  ability to pay the loan according to its
terms. A seasoned loan generally will be deemed an eligible Qualified Loan if it
has been  outstanding  for at least  five  years and has a  loan-to-value  ratio
(based on an updated  estimate  of value) of 60 percent or less,  and there have
been no payments more than 30 days past due during the previous  three years and
no  material  restructurings  or  modifications  for credit  reasons  during the
previous five years.  Existing loans that have been  outstanding  for fewer than
five years must  comply with the  Underwriting  Standards  for newly  originated
loans when the loan was originated.

     In the case of Rural Housing  Qualified Loans and Qualified Loans under the
part-time farm program,  up to 85 percent of the appraised value of the property
may be  financed if the amount  above 80 percent is covered by private  mortgage
insurance.  For newly  originated  Qualified Loans on part-time farm properties,
the  borrower  must  generate  sufficient  income  from all sources to repay all
creditors.  A borrower's capacity to repay debt obligations is determined by two
tests: (1) the borrower's monthly mortgage  payment-to-income ratio should be 28
percent or less and (2) the  borrower's  monthly  debt  payment-to-income  ratio
should be 36 percent or less.

     The Underwriting  Standards  provide that Farmer Mac may, on a loan-by-loan
basis,  accept  loans  that do not  conform  to one or more of the  Underwriting
Standards when: (1) those loans exceed one or more of the Underwriting Standards
to a degree that compensates for noncompliance  with one or more other Standards
("compensating  strengths");  and (2)  those  loans  are  made to  producers  of
particular  agricultural  commodities  in a segment of agriculture in which such
compensating   strengths  are  typical  of  the  financial  condition  of  sound
borrowers.  Farmer Mac's  acceptance of loans that do not conform to one or more
of the Underwriting  Standards is not intended to provide a basis for waiving or
lessening in any way the requirement that loans be of consistently  high quality
in order to be eligible Qualified Loans.

     The Appraisal Standards for newly originated Qualified Loans require, among
other things,  that the  appraisal  function be performed  independently  of the
credit  decision  making  process  and  conform  to  the  Uniform  Standards  of
Professional  Appraisal Practice  promulgated by the Appraisal  Standards Board.
The  Appraisal  Standards  require the  appraisal  function to be  conducted  or
administered by an individual meeting certain qualification criteria and who (a)
is not associated,  except by the engagement for the appraisal,  with the credit
underwriters making the loan decision,  though both the appraiser and the credit
underwriter  may be directly or indirectly  employed by a common  employer;  (b)
receives no financial or professional benefit of any kind relative to the report
content,  valuation or credit  decision made or based on the appraisal  product;
and (c) has no present or contemplated future direct or indirect interest in the
appraised  property.  The Appraisal  Standards also require uniform reporting of
reliable  and  accurate  estimates  of the  market  value,  market  rent and net
property  income  characteristics  of the  mortgaged  property  and the relative
market forces.

      Sellers

     A Seller may be a System Institution, bank, insurance company, business and
industrial  development  company,  savings and loan association,  association of
agricultural producers,  agricultural  cooperative,  commercial finance company,
trust company,  credit union or other financial  entity. In order to participate
in  the  Farmer  Mac  I  Program,  the  Seller  must  meet  minimum  eligibility
requirements,  which include:  (1) maintaining an acceptable  level of net worth
(as  defined by Farmer  Mac);  (2) having a staff  experienced  in  agricultural
lending and servicing;  and (3) maintaining a fidelity bond and either an errors
and omissions,  mortgage  impairment or mortgagee  protection  policy  providing
coverage  in an  amount  determined  by  Farmer  Mac.  Sellers  must  also  make
representations  and warranties to Farmer Mac regarding the Qualified Loans sold
to or guaranteed by Farmer Mac. In addition,  to facilitate a wide  distribution
of Farmer Mac's Voting Common Stock and give program  participants  an ownership
interest in the secondary  market,  Farmer Mac has  established  minimum  Voting
Common Stock ownership requirements for Sellers, subject to limited exceptions.

      Servicing

     Farmer Mac does not directly service Qualified Loans held in its portfolio,
although it does act as "master  servicer" for Qualified Loans underlying Farmer
Mac  Guaranteed  Securities.  Qualified  Loans are  serviced  only by Farmer Mac
approved servicing  entities that have entered into central servicing  contracts
with Farmer Mac.  Sellers of Qualified  Loans sold into the Farmer Mac I Program
have a right to retain certain  servicing  functions  (typically direct borrower
contacts) and may enter into field servicing contracts with central servicers to
specify such servicing functions.

      Farmer Mac I Securities

     Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities are guaranteed by Farmer Mac as to timely
payment of principal and interest. Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities issued under
the Farmer Mac I Program are referred to as "Farmer Mac I Securities."

     By  statute,  public  offerings  of Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  are
required to be registered with the U.S.  Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"SEC") under the federal securities laws.  Accordingly,  Farmer Mac, through its
subsidiary  Farmer  Mac  Mortgage  Securities  Corporation,  maintains  a  shelf
registration  statement  with the SEC  pursuant to which  Farmer Mac  Guaranteed
Securities are publicly offered. Farmer Mac may also offer Farmer Mac Guaranteed
Securities  in private,  unregistered  transactions.  U.S.  Bank Trust  National
Association,  a national banking  association  based in Minneapolis,  Minnesota,
serves as trustee for each trust underlying  registered Farmer Mac I Securities,
although  Farmer Mac may assume  some or all of the  trustee  function,  thereby
potentially eliminating some of the cost associated with a third party trustee.

     Farmer Mac I Securities are mortgage pass-through  certificates  guaranteed
by Farmer Mac that represent beneficial interests in pools of Qualified Loans or
in obligations  backed by pools of Qualified  Loans. All Farmer Mac I Securities
issued  during  and since 1996 have been  single  class or  multiclass  "grantor
trust"  pass-through  certificates,  referred  to as  "AMBS."  These  securities
entitle  each  investor  in a class of  securities  to  receive a portion of the
payments of principal and interest on the related  underlying  pool of Qualified
Loans  equal to the  investor's  proportionate  interest  in the pool.  AMBS may
support other Farmer Mac I Securities, including real estate mortgage investment
conduit securities ("REMICs") and other agricultural mortgage-backed securities.
Farmer Mac I Securities issued prior to the enactment of changes to Farmer Mac's
statutory  charter in 1996 are supported by unguaranteed  subordinate  interests
that  represented  10  percent  of the  balance  of  the  loans  underlying  the
securities at issuance.

     Farmer Mac I Securities are not assets of Farmer Mac,  except when acquired
for investment purposes, nor are Farmer Mac I Securities recorded as liabilities
of Farmer  Mac.  Farmer  Mac,  however,  is liable  under its  guarantee  on the
securities to make timely payments to investors of principal  (including balloon
payments)  and  interest  based  on the  scheduled  payments  on the  underlying
Qualified  Loans,  even if Farmer Mac has not actually  received such  scheduled
payments.  Farmer Mac I Securities  enable  Farmer Mac to further its  statutory
purpose of increasing  the  liquidity of the  agricultural  mortgage  market and
create a source of guarantee  fee income for Farmer Mac.  Because it  guarantees
timely  payments on Farmer Mac I  Securities,  Farmer Mac  assumes the  ultimate
credit risk of borrower  defaults on the underlying  Qualified Loans,  which are
subject  to the  Farmer  Mac's  Underwriting  Standards  described  above in "--
Underwriting  and Appraisal  Standards." See also  "Management's  Discussion and
Analysis of Financial  Condition and Results of Operations -- Risk Management --
Credit Risk Management."

     Farmer Mac receives guarantee fees in return for its guarantee  obligations
on Farmer Mac I Securities.  These fees are collected with installment  payments
on the  underlying  Qualified  Loans  until  those  loans  have  been  repaid or
otherwise liquidated (generally as a result of default). The aggregate amount of
guarantee  fees  received on Farmer Mac I Securities  depends upon the amount of
such securities  outstanding  and on the guarantee fee rate,  which is capped by
statute at 50 basis points (0.50 percent) per annum.  The Farmer Mac I guarantee
fee rate  generally  ranges from 40 to 50 basis points,  depending on the credit
quality of and other  criteria  regarding  the  Qualified  Loans.  The amount of
Farmer Mac I Securities  outstanding is influenced by the repayment rates on the
underlying Qualified Loans and by the rate at which Farmer Mac issues new Farmer
Mac I  Securities.  In  general,  when the  level  of  interest  rates  declines
significantly  below  the  interest  rates  on  loans  underlying  Farmer  Mac I
Securities,  the rate of  prepayments  is likely to increase;  conversely,  when
interest rates rise above the interest rates on the loans underlying  Farmer Mac
I  Securities,  the rate of  prepayments  is likely to decrease.  In addition to
changes  in  interest  rates,  the rate of  principal  payments  on Farmer Mac I
Securities is also  influenced by a variety of economic,  demographic  and other
considerations,  including yield maintenance provisions that are associated with
many of the fixed-rate  Qualified Loans underlying Farmer Mac I Securities.  For
more information regarding yield maintenance provisions, see "-- Risk Management
-- Interest-Rate Risk Management."

      Farmer Mac I Transactions

     During the year ended December 31, 2001, Farmer Mac purchased or guaranteed
$1.3 billion Qualified Loans under the Farmer Mac I Program.  As of December 31,
2001,  $3.5  billion  Farmer Mac I  Securities  guaranteed  after the changes to
Farmer Mac's statutory charter by the Farm Credit System Reform Act of 1996 (the
"1996 Act") were  outstanding.  The following table  summarizes  Qualified Loans
purchased  or  guaranteed  under the Farmer Mac I Program  for each of the years
ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                             Post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Loans
                                  Purchased or Guaranteed
                       ----------------------------------------------
                           2001            2000            1999
                       --------------  -------------- ---------------
                                       (in thousands)

  <S>                   <C>             <C>             <C>
   Purchases             $ 266,553       $ 442,246       $ 391,448
   Swaps                     5,574               -         176,788
   LTSPCs                1,032,967         373,202         637,685
                       --------------  -------------- ---------------
    Total               $1,305,094       $ 815,448      $1,205,921
                       --------------  -------------- ---------------

</TABLE>

     In  addition,  as of  December  31,  2001,  $49.0  million  of Farmer Mac I
Securities issued prior to the 1996 Act were  outstanding.  These securities are
supported by unguaranteed  subordinate  interests that represented 10 percent of
the balance of the loans underlying the securities at issuance.

      Funding of Guarantee Claims

     The primary  source of funding for the payment of claims made under  Farmer
Mac guarantees is the fees Farmer Mac receives for providing its guarantees. The
Act requires Farmer Mac to set aside a portion of the guarantee fees it receives
as a reserve for losses from its guarantee activities.  Among other things, this
reserve account must be exhausted before Farmer Mac may issue obligations to the
Secretary of the Treasury  against the $1.5 billion  Farmer Mac is authorized to
borrow from the  Secretary  of the  Treasury  pursuant to the Act to fulfill its
guarantee  obligations.  This  authorization  is not  intended  to be  used as a
routine funding source and has never been used.

     Although total outstanding guarantees exceed the amount held in reserve and
the amount it may borrow from the  Treasury,  Farmer Mac does not expect  claims
under the  guarantees to exceed amounts  available to satisfy those claims.  For
information  regarding  the  reserve  account,  see  Note 7 to the  Consolidated
Financial  Statements.  For a more detailed discussion of Farmer Mac's borrowing
authority from the Treasury, see "Farmer Mac's Borrowing Authority From The U.S.
Treasury."

      Portfolio Diversification

     One of Farmer  Mac's  policies is to diversify  its  portfolio of Qualified
Loans  both  geographically  and by  commodity.  Farmer Mac  manages  its credit
exposure in particular geographic regions and commodities as a percentage of the
total principal amount of all loans outstanding, adjusted for the credit quality
of the loans in that  particular  geographic  region or commodity group based on
the   loan-to-value,   debt  service  coverage,   equity-to-asset   and  working
capital-to-current  asset ratios. For information  regarding the diversification
of Farmer  Mac's  existing  portfolio  of  Qualified  Loans,  see  "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Risk
Management -- Credit Risk Management" and Note 11 to the Consolidated  Financial
Statements.

Farmer Mac II

      General

     The Farmer Mac II Program was  initiated  in 1992 and is  authorized  under
Sections  8.0(3)  (12  U.S.C.  ss.  2279aa(3))  and  8.0(9)(B)  (12  U.S.C.  ss.
2279aa(9)(B))  of the Act. Under those  Sections:  (1)  Guaranteed  Portions are
statutorily  included in the definition of loans  eligible as "Qualified  Loans"
for Farmer Mac's secondary market programs; (2) Guaranteed Portions are exempted
from  the  underwriting,  appraisal  and  repayment  standards  that  all  other
Qualified  Loans must meet,  and pools of Guaranteed  Portions are exempted from
any  diversification  and internal  credit  enhancement  that may be required of
pools of Qualified Loans that are not Guaranteed Portions; and (3) Farmer Mac is
authorized  to pool  Guaranteed  Portions and issue  "Farmer Mac II  Securities"
backed by such Guaranteed Portions.

      United States Department of Agriculture Guaranteed Loan Programs

     The USDA,  acting through its various agencies,  currently  administers the
federal rural credit programs first  developed in the mid-1930s.  The USDA makes
direct loans and issues  guarantees on loans made and serviced by USDA-qualified
loan originators (each, a "Lender") for various purposes.

     Under the Farmer  Mac II  Program,  Farmer Mac is one of several  competing
purchasers of Guaranteed Portions of farm ownership loans, farm operating loans,
business and industry loans and other loans that are guaranteed by the Secretary
of Agriculture  pursuant to the ConAct  (collectively,  the "Guaranteed Loans").
Guaranteed Portions, which represent up to 95 percent of the principal amount of
Guaranteed Loans, are fully guaranteed as to principal and interest by the USDA.
The USDA's  guarantee  is  supported  by the full faith and credit of the United
States.

     USDA  Guarantees.  The maximum loss covered by a USDA  guarantee  can never
exceed the lesser of: (1) 95 percent of the principal and interest  indebtedness
on the  Guaranteed  Loan,  any loan subsidy due, and 95 percent of principal and
interest   indebtedness  on  secured  protective  advances  for  protection  and
preservation of the related mortgaged property made with USDA authorization; and
(2) 95 percent of the principal advanced to or assumed by the borrower under the
Guaranteed Loan and any interest due (including a loan subsidy).

     Each USDA  guarantee  is a full faith and credit  obligation  of the United
States and becomes  enforceable  if a Lender fails to repurchase  the Guaranteed
Portion  from its owner (the  "Owner")  within  thirty  (30) days after  written
demand  from the Owner  when (a) the  borrower  under the  Guaranteed  Loan (the
"Borrower")  is in default  not less than sixty (60) days in the  payment of any
principal  or  interest  due on the  Guaranteed  Portion,  or (b) the Lender has
failed to remit to the Owner the payment made by the Borrower on the  Guaranteed
Portion or any related loan subsidy  within  thirty (30) days after the Lender's
receipt thereof.

     If the Lender does not repurchase the Guaranteed Portion as provided above,
the USDA is required to purchase the unpaid principal  balance of the Guaranteed
Portion together with accrued interest  (including any loan subsidy) to the date
of purchase,  less the  servicing  fee,  within  thirty (30) days after  written
demand to the USDA from the Owner.  While the USDA  guarantee will not cover the
note interest to the Owner on  Guaranteed  Portions  accruing  after ninety (90)
days from the date of the  original  demand  letter  of the Owner to the  Lender
requesting  repurchase,  Farmer Mac has established procedures to require prompt
tendering of Guaranteed Portions.

     If in the opinion of the Lender  (with the  concurrence  of the USDA) or in
the opinion of the USDA,  repurchase of the  Guaranteed  Portion is necessary to
service  the  related  Guaranteed  Loan  adequately,  the  Owner  will  sell the
Guaranteed  Portion  to the  Lender  or USDA for an amount  equal to the  unpaid
principal  balance and accrued  interest  (including  any loan  subsidy) on such
Guaranteed Portion less the Lender's servicing fee. Federal regulations prohibit
the Lender from repurchasing Guaranteed Portions for arbitrage purposes.

     Lenders.  All Guaranteed  Loans must be originated and serviced by eligible
Lenders. Under applicable  regulations,  all eligible Lenders must be subject to
credit examination and supervision by either an agency of the United States or a
state,  must be in good standing with their licensing  authorities and must have
met any licensing,  lending, loan servicing and other applicable requirements of
the state in which the  collateral for a Guaranteed  Loan will be located.  Each
Lender must inform the USDA that it  qualifies  as an eligible  Lender and which
agency or authority supervises it.

     Loan  Servicing.  The  Lender  on  each  Guaranteed  Loan  is  required  by
regulation  to retain  the  unguaranteed  portion  of the  Guaranteed  Loan (the
"Unguaranteed  Portion"),  to service  the entire  underlying  Guaranteed  Loan,
including the Guaranteed  Portion,  and to remain mortgagee and/or secured party
of record. The Guaranteed Portion and the Unguaranteed Portion of the underlying
Guaranteed Loan are to be secured by the same security with equal lien priority.
The Guaranteed  Portion cannot be paid later than or in any way be  subordinated
to the related Unguaranteed Portion.

      Farmer Mac II Securities

     Farmer Mac  guarantees  the timely  payment of  principal  and  interest on
Farmer Mac II Securities,  which are backed by Guaranteed  Portions.  Farmer Mac
does not guarantee the repayment of the Guaranteed Portions, only the Farmer Mac
II Securities  that are backed by Guaranteed  Portions.  In addition to offering
Farmer Mac II Securities to Lenders in swap  transactions  or to other investors
for  cash,  Farmer  Mac  purchases  Guaranteed  Portions  for  retention  in its
portfolio.

      Farmer Mac II Transactions

     During the year ended  December  31,  2001,  Farmer Mac  guaranteed  $198.2
million of Farmer Mac II  Securities.  As of December 31, 2001,  $595.2  million
Farmer  Mac  II  Securities  were  outstanding.  See  Notes  4  and  11  to  the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Financing

      Debt Issuances

     Farmer  Mac issues  debt  obligations,  consisting  of  Discount  Notes and
Medium-Term Notes (collectively,  "Notes"), to obtain funds for the Farmer Mac I
and Farmer Mac II Programs to cover transaction  costs,  guarantee  payments and
the costs of purchasing  Guaranteed  Portions,  Qualified  Loans and  securities
(including  Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities).  Farmer Mac also issues Notes to
meet other needs associated with its business  operations,  including liquidity,
and to increase  its  presence  in the  capital  markets in order to enhance the
efficiency  of its debt and AMBS  securities  transactions  and so  improve  the
mortgage rates available to farmers, ranchers and rural homeowners. Farmer Mac's
Board of Directors has  authorized  the issuance of up to $4.0 billion of Notes,
subject to  periodic  review of the  adequacy  of that level  relative to Farmer
Mac's borrowing requirements.  Farmer Mac invests the proceeds of such issuances
in program and non-program assets in accordance with policies established by its
Board of Directors.  The current policies authorize Farmer Mac to invest in U.S.
Treasury,  agency  and  instrumentality   obligations;   repurchase  agreements;
commercial  paper;  guaranteed  investment  contracts;  certificates of deposit;
federal funds and bankers  acceptances;  certain securities and debt obligations
of corporate and municipal issuers; asset-backed securities; and corporate money
market funds.  For information  about Farmer Mac's  outstanding  investments and
indebtedness, see Notes 3 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

      Equity Issuances

     By  statute,  Farmer  Mac is  authorized  to  issue  Voting  Common  Stock,
non-voting common stock and non-voting  preferred stock. Voting Common Stock may
be held only by banks, other financial entities,  insurance companies and System
Institutions  that qualify as eligible  participants in the Farmer Mac programs.
Under  the Act,  no  holder  of Class A Voting  Common  Stock  may  directly  or
indirectly  be a  beneficial  owner of more than 33 percent  of the  outstanding
shares  of Class A Voting  Common  Stock.  There are no  ownership  restrictions
applicable to non-voting  common stock or preferred  stock. To date,  Farmer Mac
has not issued any preferred  stock.  Any  preferred  stock issued by Farmer Mac
would  have  priority  over  the  Common  Stock  in  payment  of  dividends  and
liquidation proceeds.  The Class C Non-Voting Common Stock is, and any preferred
stock would be, freely transferable. The holders of any preferred stock would be
paid in full at par value,  plus all  accrued  dividends,  before the holders of
shares of Common Stock  received any payment upon  liquidation,  dissolution  or
winding up of the  business of Farmer Mac. To date,  Farmer Mac has not paid any
dividends  on its  Common  Stock,  nor does it  expect to pay  dividends  in the
foreseeable  future.  Farmer Mac's ability to declare and pay dividends could be
restricted if it were to fail to comply with  regulatory  capital  requirements.
See Note 8 to the Consolidated  Financial Statements and "Government  Regulation
of Farmer Mac -- Regulation -- Capital Standards -- Enforcement levels."

     As of December 31, 2001,  1,030,780 shares of Class A Stock, 500,301 shares
of Class B Stock and 10,033,037 shares of Class C Stock were outstanding. Farmer
Mac may obtain  additional  capital from future  issuances of common stock (both
voting and non-voting) or non-voting  preferred stock. Farmer Mac has no present
intention to issue any  additional  shares of Common Stock,  except  pursuant to
programs in which employees, members of management or the Board of Directors may
be granted  Class C Non-Voting  Common  Stock,  or exercise  options to purchase
Class  C  Non-Voting  Common  Stock  granted,  as  part  of  their  compensation
arrangements.

             FARMER MAC'S BORROWING AUTHORITY FROM THE U.S. TREASURY

     Farmer Mac may, in extreme  circumstances,  issue  obligations  to the U.S.
Treasury in a cumulative amount not to exceed $1.5 billion. The proceeds of such
obligations  may be used  solely for the  purpose  of  fulfilling  Farmer  Mac's
guarantee commitments under the Farmer Mac I and Farmer Mac II Programs. The Act
provides  that the U.S.  Treasury is required to purchase  such  obligations  of
Farmer Mac if Farmer Mac certifies  that:  (1) a portion of the  guarantee  fees
assessed by Farmer Mac has been set aside as a reserve  against  losses  arising
out of Farmer Mac's guarantee activities in an amount determined by Farmer Mac's
Board to be necessary and such reserve has been exhausted;  and (2) the proceeds
of such  obligations are needed to fulfill Farmer Mac's  guarantee  obligations.
Such obligations would bear interest at a rate determined by the U.S.  Treasury,
taking into consideration the average rate on outstanding marketable obligations
of the United States as of the last day of the last calendar month ending before
the date of the  purchase  of the  obligations  from  Farmer  Mac,  and would be
required to be repaid to the U.S. Treasury within a "reasonable time," which the
Act does not define.

     The United States government does not guarantee  payments due on Farmer Mac
Guaranteed  Securities,  funds invested in the stock or  indebtedness  of Farmer
Mac, any dividend payments on shares of Farmer Mac stock or the profitability of
Farmer Mac.


                       GOVERNMENT REGULATION OF FARMER MAC

General

     Public  offerings of Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  must be registered
with the SEC under the federal  securities laws.  Farmer Mac also is required to
file reports with the SEC pursuant to the SEC's periodic reporting requirements.

Regulation

      Office of Secondary Market Oversight

     As a System Institution,  Farmer Mac is subject to the regulatory authority
of the FCA. The FCA, acting through OSMO, has general regulatory and enforcement
authority  over Farmer Mac,  including  the  authority to  promulgate  rules and
regulations  governing  the  activities  of Farmer Mac and to apply its  general
enforcement  powers to Farmer Mac and its activities.  The Director of OSMO, who
was selected by and reports to the FCA Board, is responsible for the examination
of Farmer Mac and the general  supervision of the safe and sound  performance by
Farmer Mac of the powers and duties vested in it by the Act. The Act requires an
annual  examination of the financial  transactions  of Farmer Mac and authorizes
the  FCA to  assess  Farmer  Mac  for the  cost  of its  regulatory  activities,
including the cost of any examination.  Farmer Mac is required to file quarterly
reports of condition with the FCA, as well as copies of all documents filed with
the SEC under the federal securities laws.

      Department of the Treasury

     In  connection  with the passage of the 1996 Act, the Chairmen of the House
and Senate  Agriculture  Committees  requested the FCA, in a cooperative  effort
with the  Department of the Treasury,  to "monitor and review the operations and
financial  condition  of Farmer Mac and to report in writing to the  appropriate
subcommittees of the House Agriculture  Committee,  the House Financial Services
Committee  and the Senate  Agriculture,  Nutrition  and  Forestry  Committee  at
six-month   intervals  during  the  capital  deferral  period  and  beyond,   if
necessary."  Although the "capital  deferral period" expired on January 1, 1999,
Farmer Mac anticipates this cooperative  monitoring  effort between the Treasury
and the FCA will continue at least until May 23, 2002,  the date that Farmer Mac
is required to comply with the final risk-based capital standards adopted by the
FCA.

      Comptroller General/General Accounting Office

     The Act permits the  Comptroller  General of the United States to perform a
review of the actuarial  soundness  and  reasonableness  of the  guarantee  fees
established by Farmer Mac.

      Capital Standards

     General.  The Act, as amended by the 1996 Act,  establishes  three  capital
standards  for Farmer  Mac--minimum,  critical and  risk-based.  The minimum and
critical capital  requirements are expressed as a percentage of on-balance sheet
assets and a lower  percentage of  "off-balance  sheet  obligations"  (primarily
outstanding  Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  not owned by Farmer Mac or its
subsidiary).  The Act does not specify the required level of risk-based capital,
but directs the FCA to  establish a  risk-based  capital test for Farmer Mac. On
April 12,  2001,  the FCA issued its final  risk-based  capital  regulation  for
Farmer Mac. The regulation became effective on May 23, 2001, and Farmer Mac will
be required to meet the  risk-based  capital  standards by May 23, 2002. See "--
Enforcement levels" below.

     As of  December  31,  2001,  Farmer  Mac's  minimum  and  critical  capital
requirements were $110.6 million and $55.3 million, respectively, and its actual
core  capital  level  was  $126.0  million,  $15.4  million  above  the  minimum
requirement. Based on the risk-based capital regulation, Farmer Mac's risk-based
capital  requirement as of December 31, 2001 would have been $30.2 million.  See
"Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operations -- Liquidity  and Capital  Resources -- Capital  Requirements"  for a
presentation of Farmer Mac's current regulatory capital position.

     Minimum  capital.  Farmer Mac's minimum  capital level is an amount of core
capital  equal to the sum of 2.75 percent of Farmer Mac's  aggregate  on-balance
sheet assets,  as calculated for regulatory  purposes,  plus 0.75 percent of the
aggregate off-balance sheet obligations of Farmer Mac,  specifically  including:
(1)  the  unpaid  principal   balance  of  outstanding   Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed
Securities;  (2)  instruments  issued  or  guaranteed  by  Farmer  Mac  that are
substantially  equivalent  to Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities;  and (3) other
off-balance sheet obligations of Farmer Mac.

     Critical  capital.  By statute,  Farmer Mac's critical capital level at any
time must be an amount of core capital  equal to 50 percent of the total minimum
capital requirement at that time.

     Risk-based  capital.  The Act  directs the FCA to  establish  a  risk-based
capital test for Farmer Mac, using specified stress-test  parameters.  While the
Act does not specify the required  level of  risk-based  capital,  that level is
permitted to exceed the  statutory  minimum  capital  requirement  applicable to
Farmer Mac.

     On April 12, 2001, the FCA issued its final risk-based  capital  regulation
for Farmer  Mac.  The  regulation  requires  Farmer  Mac to meet the  risk-based
capital  standards by May 23, 2002. As noted in our June 12, 2000 comment letter
to the  FCA  on the  proposed  regulation,  Farmer  Mac  believes  that  certain
significant  aspects of the risk-based capital regulation do not comply with the
authorizing  statute.  We have  maintained a dialogue with the FCA regarding the
application   of  the   regulation   and   the   complex   underlying   economic
model--particularly  the provisions that suggest to us that the FCA went outside
the authorizing  statute. If no change is made to the regulation,  it could lead
to an increase in the capital  requirement for certain newly guaranteed  program
assets and so cause Farmer Mac to alter its  strategic  plan for future  growth.
While we are at this time uncertain  whether the  regulation,  as issued,  would
alter that strategic plan, we believe that Farmer Mac will be in compliance when
required to meet the  standards.  We  continue  to expect  that any  significant
issues  raised  by the  regulation  will be  resolved  in  accordance  with  the
authorizing  statute  before  Farmer Mac is  required  to  materially  alter its
strategic plan for future growth to meet the risk-based capital standards.

     While a risk-based capital  requirement  significantly  above the statutory
minimum capital level could have a materially  adverse effect on Farmer Mac, the
ultimate  impact of the risk-based  capital test adopted by the FCA will have to
be evaluated in light of the level of risk-based  capital  required  relative to
Farmer Mac's existing capital  position,  the categories of assets against which
risk-based capital would have to be maintained, growth in Farmer Mac's business,
Farmer Mac's ability and need to raise additional  equity in the capital markets
and alternative  business  strategies  available to Farmer Mac, as well as legal
and public policy  considerations  affecting the  applicability to Farmer Mac of
the risk-based capital requirement.

     Enforcement  levels.  The Act directs the FCA to classify Farmer Mac within
one of four  enforcement  levels for  purposes of  determining  compliance  with
capital  standards.  Prior to the effective date of the final risk-based capital
regulation  for Farmer Mac, the Act provides that Farmer Mac shall be classified
as within "level I" (the highest compliance level) so long as its capital equals
or exceeds the then  applicable  minimum capital level. As of December 31, 2001,
Farmer Mac was classified as within level I.

     Failure to comply  with the  applicable  minimum  capital  level in the Act
would  result in Farmer  Mac being  classified  as within  level III  (below the
minimum but above the  critical  capital  level) or level IV (below the critical
capital level).  (Level II is not applicable  prior to the effective date of the
final risk-based  capital regulation since it contemplates the failure to comply
with the  risk-based  capital  standard.)  In the  event  that  Farmer  Mac were
classified  as within  level III or IV, the Act requires the Director of OSMO to
take a number of mandatory  supervisory  measures and provides the Director with
discretionary  authority to take various optional supervisory measures depending
on  the  level  in  which  Farmer  Mac is  classified.  The  mandatory  measures
applicable  to level III  include:  requiring  Farmer Mac to submit  (and comply
with) a capital  restoration plan;  prohibiting the payment of dividends if such
payment  would  result in Farmer Mac being  reclassified  as within level IV and
requiring the  pre-approval  of any dividend  payment even if such payment would
not result in reclassification as within level IV; and reclassifying  Farmer Mac
as within a lower level if it does not submit a capital restoration plan that is
approved by the Director or the Director  determines  that Farmer Mac has failed
to make,  in good  faith,  reasonable  efforts  to  comply  with such a plan and
fulfill the schedule for the plan approved by the Director.

     If Farmer Mac were classified as within level III, then, in addition to the
foregoing mandatory supervisory measures, the Director of OSMO could take any of
the  following  discretionary  supervisory  measures:  imposing  limits  on  any
increase  in, or  ordering  the  reduction  of, any  obligations  of Farmer Mac,
including off-balance sheet obligations; limiting or prohibiting asset growth or
requiring the reduction of assets;  requiring the  acquisition of new capital in
an amount sufficient to provide for  reclassification  as within a higher level;
terminating,  reducing or modifying any activity the Director determines creates
excessive  risk to Farmer Mac; or  appointing  a  conservator  or a receiver for
Farmer Mac. The Act does not specify any supervisory measures,  either mandatory
or  discretionary,  to be taken by the  Director  in the event  Farmer  Mac were
classified as within level IV.

     The Director of OSMO has the  discretionary  authority to reclassify Farmer
Mac to a level that is one level below its then current level (i.e.,  from level
III to level IV) if the Director  determines  that Farmer Mac is engaging in any
action not  approved by the Director  that could result in a rapid  depletion of
core capital or if the value of property subject to mortgages backing Farmer Mac
Guaranteed Securities has decreased significantly.

Item 2. Properties

     On June 28,  2001,  Farmer  Mac  entered  into a  long-term  lease  for its
principal offices,  which are located at 1133 Twenty-First  Street,  N.W., Suite
600, Washington,  D.C. 20036. The lease, which expires November 30, 2011, covers
approximately  13,500  square feet of office  space.  Farmer  Mac's  offices are
suitable  and adequate  for its present  needs and provide  excess space that is
available either for expansion or sublet.  As of March 15, 2002,  Farmer Mac was
evaluating alternatives related to the space available for sublet.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

      Not applicable.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

      Not applicable.




<PAGE>



                                     PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

     Farmer Mac has three  classes of common stock  outstanding.  Class A Voting
Common Stock may be held only by banks,  insurance companies and other financial
institutions  or  similar  entities  that are not System  Institutions.  Class B
Voting  Common  Stock  may be held  only by  System  Institutions.  There are no
ownership restrictions on the Class C Non-Voting Common Stock.

     The Class A and Class C Common  Stock trade on the New York Stock  Exchange
(the  "NYSE")  under the symbols AGMA and AGM,  respectively.  Prior to June 18,
1999,  Class A Common  Stock  traded on The Nasdaq  SmallCap  Market tier of The
Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol FAMCA,  and the Class C Common Stock traded
on The Nasdaq  National  Market tier of The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol
FAMCK.  The Class B Voting Common Stock,  which has a limited  market and trades
infrequently,  is not  listed or quoted on any  exchange  or other  medium,  and
Farmer Mac is unaware of any publicly  available  quotations  or prices for that
class.

     The information  below  represents the high and low closing sale prices for
the Class A and Class C Common  Stock for the periods  indicated  as reported by
the NYSE.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                    Sales Price
                                                ---------------------------------------------------
                                                     Class A Stock             Class C Stock
                                                ------------------------- -------------------------
                                                   High          Low         High          Low
                                                ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
                                                                (dollars per share)

  <S>                                            <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
   2002
    First quarter (through March 11, 2002)        $ 34.55      $ 28.60      $ 47.80      $ 38.96

   2001
    Fourth quarter                                  33.60        27.80        46.33        31.78
    Third quarter                                   28.40        26.60        35.23        29.58
    Second quarter                                  28.55        21.60        32.25        23.75
    First quarter                                   23.25        19.00        27.94        22.50

   2000
    Fourth quarter                                  18.38        16.13        23.38        17.50
    Third quarter                                   17.88        16.75        18.06        13.63
    Second quarter                                  17.13        14.75        16.13        13.31
    First quarter                                   16.50        15.63        20.75        15.50

</TABLE>


     As of March 11, 2002,  it was  estimated  that there were 1,419  registered
owners of the Class A Voting Common Stock, 104 registered  owners of the Class B
Voting Common Stock and 1,478 registered owners of the Class C Non-Voting Common
Stock outstanding.

     To date,  Farmer Mac has not paid any  dividends on its Common  Stock,  nor
does it expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future.  Farmer Mac's ability
to declare and pay  dividends  could be  restricted if it were to fail to comply
with regulatory capital requirements.



<PAGE>


Item 6. Selected Financial Data
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              December 31,
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Summary of Financial Condition:                        2001           2000          1999          1998         1997
                                                 --------------  ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------
                                                                         (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                 <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>
   Cash and cash equivalents                         $ 437,831      $537,871      $336,282      $540,626     $177,617
   Investment securities                             1,007,954       836,757       847,220       643,562      656,737
   Farmer Mac guaranteed securities                  1,690,376     1,679,993     1,306,223       552,205      442,311
   Loans                                               201,812        30,279        38,509       168,064       47,177
   Total assets                                      3,417,208     3,160,899     2,590,410     1,935,971    1,348,135

   Notes and bonds payable
    Due within one year                              2,233,267     2,141,548     1,722,061     1,473,688      856,028
    Due after one year                                 968,463       827,635       750,337       366,122      402,803

   Total liabilities                                 3,282,771     3,028,238     2,503,267     1,855,057    1,273,074
   Stockholders' equity                                134,437       132,661        87,143        80,914       75,061

Selected Financial Ratios:
   Return on average assets                              0.49%         0.36%         0.31%         0.35%        0.47%
   Return on average equity                             12.19%         9.50%         8.24%         7.36%        7.57%
   Average equity to assets                              4.06%         3.82%         3.71%         4.75%        6.27%


                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Summary of Operations:                                 2001           2000          1999          1998         1997
                                                 --------------  ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------
                                                           (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

   Interest income                                   $ 181,213      $195,420      $140,377      $103,561     $ 80,153
   Interest expense                                    154,274       177,722       125,419        92,992       72,992
                                                 --------------  ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------
    Net interest income                                 26,939        17,698        14,958        10,569        7,161
   Losses on financial derivatives
    and trading assets                                    (726)            -             -             -            -
   Guarantee fee income                                 15,807        11,677         7,396         3,727        2,575
   Gain on sale of AMBS                                      -             -             -         1,400        2,362
   Miscellaneous                                           560           399           220           142          253
                                                 --------------  ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------
    Total revenues                                      42,580        29,774        22,574        15,838       12,351
   Total expenses                                       17,155        13,588        11,983         9,323        7,840
                                                 --------------  ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------
    Income before income taxes and
     extraordinary item                                 25,425        16,186        10,591         6,515        4,511
   Income tax expense/(benefit)                          8,419         5,749         3,670           772         (115)
   Cumulative effect of change in
    accounting principles, net of tax                     (726)            -             -             -            -

                                                 --------------  ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------
    Net income                                        $ 16,280      $ 10,437       $ 6,921       $ 5,743      $ 4,626
                                                 --------------  ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------

 Earnings Per Share:
   Basic earnings per share                             $ 1.44        $ 0.94        $ 0.64        $ 0.53       $ 0.48
   Diluted earnings per share                           $ 1.38        $ 0.92        $ 0.62        $ 0.52       $ 0.46

 Earnings per share excluding cumulative
 effect of change in accounting principles
   Basic earnings per share                             $ 1.50        $ 0.94        $ 0.64        $ 0.53       $ 0.48
   Diluted earnings per share                           $ 1.45        $ 0.92        $ 0.62        $ 0.52       $ 0.46

</TABLE>



<PAGE>


Item 7. Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
        of Operations

     Financial  information  as of and for each of the years ended  December 31,
2001,  2000 and 1999 is  consolidated  to include the accounts of Farmer Mac and
its  wholly  owned  subsidiary,   Farmer  Mac  Mortgage  Securities  Corporation
("FMMSC").  During 1999, the  operations of another  wholly owned  subsidiary of
Farmer Mac,  Farmer Mac  Acceptance  Corporation,  were  merged into FMMSC.  All
material inter-company  transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  The
following  discussion  should be read  together  with Farmer Mac's  consolidated
financial statements and is not necessarily indicative of our future results.

Forward-Looking Statements

     Certain statements made in this Form 10-K are "forward-looking  statements"
within  the  meaning of the  Private  Securities  Litigation  Reform Act of 1995
pertaining  to  management's  current  expectations  as to Farmer  Mac's  future
financial results, business prospects and business developments. Forward-looking
statements  include,  without  limitation,   any  statement  that  may  predict,
forecast,  indicate or imply future results,  performance or  achievements,  and
typically are accompanied by, and identified with, such terms as  "anticipates,"
"believes,"  "expects,"  "intends," "should" and similar phrases.  The following
management's  discussion  and  analysis  includes   forward-looking   statements
addressing  Farmer Mac's  prospects  for  earnings and growth in loan  purchase,
guarantee and securitization volume; trends in net interest income and provision
for  losses;  changes in capital  position;  and other  business  and  financial
matters. Management's expectations for Farmer Mac's future necessarily involve a
number of assumptions,  estimates and the evaluation of risks and uncertainties.
Various  factors  could cause Farmer  Mac's  actual  results or events to differ
materially from the expectations as expressed or implied by the  forward-looking
statements,  including:  uncertainties  regarding  the  rate  and  direction  of
development  of the  secondary  market  for  agricultural  mortgage  loans;  the
possible  establishment  of  additional  statutory  or  regulatory  restrictions
applicable  to Farmer  Mac,  such as the  imposition  of  regulatory  risk-based
capital  requirements  in  excess  of the  statutory  minimum  capital  level or
restrictions  on Farmer  Mac's  investment  authority;  substantial  changes  in
interest rates,  agricultural land values,  commodity prices,  export demand for
U.S. agricultural products and the general economy;  protracted adverse weather,
market or other conditions affecting particular geographic regions or particular
commodities related to agricultural mortgage loans backing Farmer Mac Guaranteed
Securities;  legislative or regulatory developments or interpretations of Farmer
Mac's statutory charter that could adversely affect Farmer Mac or the ability of
certain  lenders  to  participate  in its  programs  or the  terms  of any  such
participation;  the availability of debt funding in sufficient quantities and at
favorable rates to support continued growth;  the rate of growth in agricultural
mortgage  indebtedness;  the size of the agricultural mortgage market;  borrower
preferences for fixed-rate  agricultural mortgage indebtedness;  the willingness
of lenders to sell  agricultural  mortgage  loans into the Farmer Mac  secondary
market;  the willingness of investors to invest in agricultural  mortgage-backed
securities;  competition in the origination or purchase of agricultural mortgage
loans and the sale of  agricultural  mortgage-backed  and debt  securities;  the
level of government  payments for  agriculture  that are expected to be provided
for in the pending  farm bill and the  effects of the level of such  payments on
the   agricultural   economy;   or   changes  in  Farmer   Mac's   status  as  a
government-sponsored enterprise.

     The foregoing factors are not exhaustive. Other sections of this report may
include additional factors that could adversely impact Farmer Mac's business and
its financial  performance.  Given these potential risks and  uncertainties,  no
undue  reliance  should be placed on any  forward-looking  statements  expressed
herein. Furthermore, Farmer Mac undertakes no obligation to release publicly the
results  of  revisions  to any  forward-looking  statements  that may be made to
reflect any future events or circumstances.

Critical Accounting Policies

     Farmer Mac's significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 to the
Consolidated  Financial  Statements  included  in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.  The
accounting  policy for loss  reserves  is  critical to  assessing  Farmer  Mac's
financial  position  and  results  of  operations  due to  the  high  degree  of
subjectivity  and complexity  involved,  as well as the  significant  underlying
estimates and judgments.

     Farmer Mac  maintains  a reserve  for losses to cover  potential  losses on
loans,  including  post-1996 Act loans  underlying  Farmer Mac I Securities  and
LTSPCs.  The reserve is maintained at a level management deems adequate to cover
potential principal losses and interest losses related to loans that are 90 days
or more delinquent. The reserve is increased through periodic provisions charged
to expense and reduced by charge-offs for actual loan losses, net of recoveries.
In estimating  potential losses on loans and outstanding  Farmer Mac guarantees,
management considers economic conditions,  geographic and agricultural commodity
concentrations,  the credit profile of the Qualified Loans,  delinquency  trends
and  historical  charge-off  and recovery  activity.  Significant  estimates and
judgments are used to determine the  appropriate  level of loss reserves and any
changes in the underlying criteria could result in materially  different results
or an alternate  conclusion  regarding the adequacy of the outstanding loan loss
reserve.

     No reserve  for losses  has been made for  Farmer Mac I  Securities  issued
prior to the 1996 Act or  Farmer  Mac II  Securities.  Farmer  Mac I  Securities
issued  prior  to the  1996  Act  are  supported  by  unguaranteed  subordinated
interests,  which are expected to exceed the  estimated  credit  losses on those
securities.  Guaranteed  Portions  collateralizing  Farmer Mac II Securities are
guaranteed  by the USDA.  As such,  management  does not  expect  to incur  loan
losses,  either for  principal  or interest,  on Farmer Mac I Securities  issued
prior to the 1996 Act or Farmer Mac II Securities.

     Further  information  regarding  loss reserves is included in Note 2(i) and
Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Results of Operations

     Operating  Results.  Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 133,
Accounting  for  Derivative  Instruments  and Hedging  Activities  ("SFAS  133")
requires the change in the fair values of certain  financial  derivatives  to be
reflected  in the  Corporation's  net  income  or  other  comprehensive  income.
Management  believes that reporting results by reference to operating income and
operating revenues,  excluding the cumulative effect of the change in accounting
principles  recognized on January 1, 2001 under SFAS 133 and its ongoing effects
during the reporting periods,  provides meaningful  operating measures of Farmer
Mac's financial  performance.  Such information is presented to supplement,  not
replace, net income,  revenues, cash from operations,  or any other operating or
liquidity  performance  measures  prescribed  by generally  accepted  accounting
principles.

     Overview.  2001 was  another  year of solid  growth  and  strong  financial
performance for Farmer Mac, notwithstanding challenges created by the continuing
industry-wide  weakness in new agricultural mortgage volume due to uncertainties
in the agricultural  sector. Net income rose to $16.3 million in 2001 from $10.4
million in 2000,  marking the sixth  consecutive  year during  which  Farmer Mac
achieved significant increases in profitability. Diluted earnings per share were
$1.38 for 2001, a 50 percent  increase  over 2000 diluted  earnings per share of
$0.92.  Operating income for 2001,  excluding the cumulative and ongoing effects
of SFAS 133 during the year, was $17.1 million,  or diluted  operating  earnings
per share of $1.45, a 58 percent increase compared to $0.92 for 2000.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

        Reconciliation of the effects of SFAS 133

                                                       2001
                                                    ------------
                                                  (in thousands)
<S>                                                 <C>
 Operating Income                                    $ 17,071

     Cumulative effect of change
        in accounting principles, net of tax             (726)
     Gains/(Losses) on financial derivatives
        and trading assets, net of tax                   (469)
     Benefit from non-amortization of
        premium payments, net of tax                      404
                                                    ------------
Net Income                                           $ 16,280
                                                    ------------

</TABLE>


     The  principal  factors  contributing  to the year's  record  earnings were
increases in net interest income on retained cash window and portfolio Qualified
Loan  purchases,  net interest  income on non-program  investments and guarantee
fees on the higher  cumulative  amount of guarantees  outstanding.  Net interest
income was up $9.2 million to $26.9 million in 2001, from $17.7 million in 2000,
as interest-earning  assets increased by $270.7 million to $3.3 billion in 2001,
from $3.0  billion  in 2000.  Guarantee  fee income  grew 35 percent  from $11.7
million in 2000 to $15.8 million in 2001, as  outstanding  guarantees  increased
$1.1 billion, or 35 percent,  to $4.2 billion.  The year's increase in guarantee
fee income is indicative of the annuity-like nature of that income. The increase
in  outstanding  guarantee  volume was achieved  while  Farmer Mac  continued to
maintain control over its operating  expenses.  During 2001,  operating expenses
were 24 percent of total  revenues,  compared to 30 percent in 2000, even though
those expenses increased by 18 percent over 2000.

     At year-end,  the percentage of Farmer Mac I loans  purchased or guaranteed
after changes to the Corporation's  statutory charter in 1996 that placed Farmer
Mac in the position of first loss guarantor ("post-1996 Act loans") that were 90
days or more delinquent  increased to 1.70 percent,  compared to 1.25 percent at
the end of 2000. (External 10 percent first loss interests mitigate Farmer Mac's
credit exposure to pre-1996 Act loans.) Farmer Mac  anticipates  fluctuations in
the delinquency  rate from quarter to quarter,  with higher levels likely in the
first  and  third  quarters  of  each  year,  due  to  the  semiannual   payment
characteristics of most Farmer Mac loans. Farmer Mac experienced $2.5 million in
loan losses  charged  against the  reserve in 2001,  compared  with no losses in
2000.

     In 2002, it is likely that  delinquencies  will increase and it is expected
that quarterly  charge-offs  will be at somewhat  higher levels,  similar to the
$850,000 in losses  recognized  during  fourth  quarter  2001,  due to a growing
percentage of the guarantee  portfolio  entering its peak loss years,  pressures
from growing agricultural inventories, weak markets for agricultural commodities
and products  worldwide  along with low prices and economic  uncertainty  in the
agricultural   sector,   following   the  trend  of  the  last  several   years.
Nevertheless,  as  reported  by the USDA,  agricultural  income  during 2001 was
strong,  due in large part to record government support payments made to farmers
during the year,  which generally helped to maintain  economic  stability in the
agricultural  sector and contributed to stable  agricultural land prices in most
regions of the nation during 2001. As a result, the overall financial  condition
of the agricultural  sector,  with the exception of certain producer groups that
do not receive significant  government payments,  remains sound and agricultural
mortgage credit quality generally remains good.

     It is too early to predict  what level of federal  support will be provided
to  agriculture in 2002,  but Farmer Mac believes that the  preservation  of the
economic  stability  of  the  agricultural  sector  will  continue  to be a high
priority  for both  Congress and the  Administration,  as it has been during the
last several years.  Though  continued  reliance on government  payments enabled
farmers and ranchers to meet their existing  mortgage  obligations  during 2001,
the economic  uncertainty of the  agricultural  economy is likely to continue to
mute farmers' demand for new agricultural mortgage loans during 2002. We believe
that  Farmer  Mac has  responded  effectively  to  these  market  conditions  by
expanding its product offerings to include, among other things,  revolving lines
of credit backed by agricultural mortgages to help farm borrowers with equity in
their land meet short-term  liquidity needs. In addition,  by  re-emphasizing to
agricultural  lenders the opportunity to reduce their concentrated  exposures to
local  agricultural  credit  risks,  Farmer Mac believes it can develop swap and
LTSPC  transactions and similar  structures  during 2002, as lenders become more
attentive to their own liquidity issues and portfolio diversification needs.

     As we evaluate Farmer Mac's business prospects for 2002 and beyond, certain
factors  and   conditions   remain  likely  to  constrain  our  progress.   Many
institutions  still prefer to retain  agricultural  mortgage  loans in portfolio
rather than sell them into the secondary market,  notwithstanding  the corporate
finance and capital planning  benefits they might realize through  participation
in Farmer Mac's programs. Some lending institutions subsidize their agricultural
mortgage loan rates out of higher rates on non-mortgage  loans, or by low-return
use of equity, both of which generate  uneconomic  competition with Farmer Mac's
loan rates.

     Although Farmer Mac has grown steadily  stronger during the last six years,
that growth has depended, and will continue to depend, upon ongoing increases in
the volume of Qualified  Loans  covered by its  guarantee.  Farmer Mac's current
share of the agricultural  mortgage market remains  relatively small, due to the
gradual nature of market penetration in a mature market.  However,  our dramatic
growth rates in the years since 1996 imply a significant  ongoing opportunity to
expand business  volume.  Over the long term, our strategy for realizing  Farmer
Mac's business  development and  profitability  goals is to prompt  agricultural
mortgage lenders, whether traditional or non-traditional,  to continue to expand
their use of our guarantee  through  market-oriented  programs and products that
clearly benefit the nation's  farmers,  ranchers and rural  homeowners,  whether
they sell their  loans to Farmer Mac for cash or access  our  programs  though a
swap or LTSPC.

     A detailed  presentation  of Farmer Mac's  financial  results for the years
ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 follows.

     Net Interest  Income.  Net interest  income  totaled  $26.9 million in 2001
compared to $17.7 million in 2000,  and the net interest  yield was 0.83 percent
in 2001  compared to 0.63 percent in 2000.  The increase in net interest  income
was due to a 14.4 percent  increase in the average balance of  interest-earnings
assets,  driven by a 25.4 percent  increase in average  on-balance sheet program
assets (Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities and loans). The increase in on-balance
sheet  program  assets  resulted from Farmer Mac's  retention of cash  purchases
during 2001 (for further  information,  see "-- Business Volume" and "-- Balance
Sheet Review -- Assets"). During 2001, the average balance of non-program assets
(cash  and  cash  equivalents  and   investments)   increased  by  3.3  percent.
Additionally,  with the adoption of Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards
No.  140,  Accounting  for  Transfers  and  Servicing  of  Financial  Assets and
Extinguishments  of Liabilities  ("SFAS 140") on April 1, 2001,  loans purchased
after that date,  which had previously  been classified as Farmer Mac Guaranteed
Securities,  are classified as loans and the interest income recognized on those
loans includes  amounts that would have been  classified as guarantee fees prior
to April 1, 2001.

     Net  interest  income  totaled  $15.0  million  in 1999.  The $2.7  million
increase  from  1999 to 2000 was due to a 19  percent  increase  in the  average
balance of interest-earning  assets,  driven by a 34 percent increase in average
on-balance  sheet  program  assets.  Net  interest  yield for 1999 was also 0.63
percent.

     The following table provides information regarding  interest-earning assets
and funding for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                            2001                               2000                               1999
                            -------------------------------    --------------------------------    -------------------------------
                              Average     Income/   Average       Average    Income/   Average       Average   Income/   Average
                              Balance     Expense    Rate         Balance    Expense    Rate         Balance   Expense    Rate
                            --------------------------------   --------------------------------    -------------------------------
                                                                      (dollars in thousands)
<S>                        <C>          <C>          <C>       <C>          <C>         <C>       <C>          <C>        <C>
 Interest-earning assets:
  Cash and cash
   equivalents               $ 522,227   $ 21,464     4.11%      $ 510,779   $ 32,675    6.40%      $ 568,398   $29,384    5.17%
  Investments                  922,856     43,870     4.75%        888,765     59,230    6.66%        737,275    41,170    5.58%
  Farmer Mac guaranteed
   securities                1,690,776    110,169     6.52%      1,379,660    100,649    7.30%        958,593    63,054    6.58%
  Loans                         87,825      5,710     6.50%         39,048      2,866    7.34%         99,518     6,769    6.80%
                            ----------- ---------- ----------  ------------ ---------- --------    -----------  --------  -------
   Total interest-earning
    assets                  $3,223,684    181,213     5.62%     $2,818,252    195,420    6.93%     $2,363,784   140,377    5.94%
                            ----------                          ----------                         ----------

 Funding:
  Discount notes            $2,175,087     95,424     4.39%     $1,945,276    125,952    6.47%     $1,725,647    88,062    5.10%
  Medium-term notes            926,878     58,850     6.35%        825,433     51,770    6.27%        580,164    37,357    6.44%
                            ----------- ---------- ----------  ------------ ---------- ---------  ------------  --------  -------
   Total interest-bearing
    liabilities              3,101,965    154,274     4.97%      2,770,709    177,722    6.41%      2,305,811   125,419    5.44%
  Net non-interest-bearing
   funding                     121,719          -     0.00%         47,543          -    0.00%        57,973          -    0.00%
                            ----------- ---------- ----------  ------------ ---------- ---------  ------------  --------  -------
   Total funding            $3,223,684    154,274     4.79%     $2,818,252    177,722    6.31%     $2,363,784   125,419    5.31%
                            ----------- ---------- ----------  ------------ ---------- ---------  ------------  --------  -------
 Net interest income/
  yield                                  $ 26,939     0.83%                  $ 17,698    0.63%                  $14,958    0.63%
                                        ---------- ----------               ---------- ---------                --------  -------

</TABLE>


     The table  below sets  forth the  effects of changes in rates and volume on
the components of net interest  income for the years ended December 31, 2001 and
2000. Combined rate/volume variances are allocated based on their relative size.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           2001 vs. 2000                      2000 vs. 1999
                                             ------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
                                                  Increase (Decrease) Due to           Increase (Decrease) Due to
                                             ------------------------------------- -----------------------------------
                                                Rate        Volume       Total        Rate       Volume      Total
                                             ------------ ----------- ------------ ----------- ----------- -----------
                                                                        (in thousands)
<S>                                         <C>            <C>       <C>           <C>        <C>          <C>
 Income from interest-earning assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                 $ (11,960)      $ 749    $ (11,211)    $ 6,482    $ (3,191)    $ 3,291
   Investments                                 (17,737)      2,377      (15,360)      8,756       9,304      18,060
   Farmer Mac guaranteed securities             (8,659)     18,179        9,520       7,481      30,114      37,595
   Loans held for securitization                  (286)      3,130        2,844         495      (4,398)     (3,903)
                                             ------------ ----------- ------------ ----------- ----------- -----------
    Total                                      (38,642)     24,435      (14,207)     23,214      31,829      55,043

 Expense from interest-bearing liabilities     (47,565)     24,117      (23,448)     24,616      27,687      52,303
                                             ------------ ----------- ------------ ----------- ----------- -----------
 Change in net interest income                 $ 8,923       $ 318      $ 9,241    $ (1,402)    $ 4,142     $ 2,740
                                             ------------ ----------- ------------ ----------- ----------- -----------

</TABLE>

     Other  Income.  Other  income,  which is comprised of guarantee fee income,
gain on sale of AMBS and miscellaneous  income,  totaled $16.4 million for 2001,
compared to $12.1 million for 2000.  During 2001, total  outstanding  guarantees
increased by 35 percent. Similarly,  guarantee fee income, the largest component
of other  income,  increased to $15.8 million from $11.7 million the prior year,
an increase of 35  percent.  Miscellaneous  income  totaled  $560,000  for 2001,
compared to $399,000 for 2000.  Miscellaneous  income  includes fees and hedging
gains and losses related to program  activities,  which fluctuate from period to
period due to  various  factors  including  the level of  program  activity  and
delinquencies.

     Other  income  increased  59  percent  to $12.1  million  in 2000 from $7.6
million in 1999.  Guarantee fee income,  the largest  component of other income,
increased  to  $11.7  million  in  2000  from  $7.4  million  in  1999  due to a
corresponding increase in the outstanding balance of guaranteed securities.  See
"-- Business Volume."

     Other Expenses.  Operating expenses totaled $10.4 million in 2001, compared
to $8.9 million in 2000 and $8.3 million in 1999.  Operating expenses equaled 24
percent of total revenues in 2001, compared to 30 percent in 2000 and 37 percent
in 1999.  Farmer  Mac's  provision  for  losses  totaled  $6.7  million in 2001,
compared to $4.7 million in 2000 and $3.7 million in 1999.  The increases in the
provision for losses were due to increases in outstanding  AMBS for which Farmer
Mac assumes 100 percent of the credit risk and the aging of the  portfolio.  See
"-- Risk Management -- Credit Risk Management."

     Income Tax  Expense/Benefit.  Income tax expense  totaled  $8.4  million in
2001,  compared to expenses  of $5.8  million in 2000 and $3.7  million in 1999.
Farmer Mac expects its effective tax rate in 2002 to  approximate 33 percent due
to the effects of certain tax-advantaged investments. For more information about
income taxes, see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

     Business Volume.  The following table sets forth information  regarding the
volume and balance of loans  purchased or  guaranteed  and AMBS issued by Farmer
Mac for the periods indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         2001           2000            1999
                                                    --------------- --------------  --------------
                                                                    (in thousands)
<S>                                                  <C>            <C>             <C>
 Purchase and guarantee volume:
   Farmer Mac I
    Loans & AMBS                                       $ 266,553      $ 442,246       $ 391,448
    Swap transactions                                      5,574              -         176,788
    LTSPC                                              1,032,967        373,202         637,685
                                                    --------------- --------------  --------------
     Total Farmer Mac I volume                         1,305,094        815,448       1,205,921

   Farmer Mac II                                         198,171        193,505         116,148
                                                    --------------- --------------  --------------
     Total loans and guaranteed portions
     purchased or guaranteed                          $1,503,265     $1,008,953      $1,322,069
                                                    --------------- --------------  --------------

 AMBS issuances:
   Retained                                            $  33,932      $ 360,037       $ 517,801
   Sold                                                   65,930        159,910               -
   Swap transactions                                       5,574              -         176,788
                                                   --------------- --------------  --------------
    Total AMBS issuances                               $ 105,436      $ 519,947       $ 694,589
                                                   --------------- --------------  --------------
 Outstanding balance of loans held or
   guaranteed by Farmer Mac as of December 31         $4,187,111     $3,110,213      $2,381,608
                                                   --------------- --------------  --------------

</TABLE>

     During  2001,  the volume of loans  purchased or  guaranteed  by Farmer Mac
totaled $1.5 billion, a 49 percent increase from 2000 volume. This was largely a
result of  increases  in LTSPCs from $373.2  million in 2000 to $1.0  billion in
2001.  See  "Business  --  Farmer  Mac  Guarantee  Program  --  Farmer  Mac I --
Off-Balance Sheet Guarantees" and "-- Risk Management -- Credit Risk Management"
for a  description  of  LTSPCs.  The net  balance  of loans  held or  guarantees
outstanding increased 35 percent to $4.2 billion from $3.1 billion.

     LTSPCs typically involve seasoned loans,  while cash purchase  transactions
usually represent acquisitions of newly originated loans. The increased activity
in LTSPCs is a result of  institutions  recognizing  the  capital  planning  and
corporate finance advantages that the structure offers.  Management expects that
LTSPCs will  constitute a  significant  portion of Farmer  Mac's new  guarantees
during 2002.

     Based on market conditions, Farmer Mac either retains AMBS or sells AMBS to
capital  markets  investors.  During 2001,  Farmer Mac issued $105.4  million of
AMBS, $33.9 million of which were retained by Farmer Mac.

     Indicators of future loan purchase and guarantee  volume (but not of LTSCP,
swap or bulk purchase  volume) in the immediately  succeeding  reporting  period
include outstanding commitments to purchase loans and the total balance of loans
submitted  for  approval  or  approved  but not  yet  purchased.  Most  purchase
commitments entered into by Farmer Mac are mandatory delivery commitments.  If a
Seller  obtains  a  mandatory  commitment  and is unable  to  deliver  the loans
required  thereunder,  Farmer  Mac  requires  the Seller to pay a fee to modify,
extend  or  cancel  the  commitment.   As  of  December  31,  2001,  outstanding
commitments to purchase  Farmer Mac I loans totaled $21.1  million,  compared to
$13.2  million as of December 31, 2000,  while loans  submitted  for approval or
approved but not yet committed to purchase totaled $106.1 million as of December
31, 2001,  compared to $58.0  million as of December 31, 2000.  Not all of these
loans are  purchased,  as some are denied for credit reasons or withdrawn by the
Seller.

     While significant progress has been made in developing the secondary market
for  agricultural  mortgages,  Farmer Mac  continues to face the  challenges  of
establishing a new market where none  previously  existed.  Acceptance of Farmer
Mac's programs is increasing  among lenders,  reflecting the competitive  rates,
terms and products  offered and the advantages  Farmer Mac believes its programs
provide.  For Farmer Mac to succeed in realizing  its business  development  and
profitability  goals over the longer term,  the use of Farmer Mac's programs and
products   by   agricultural   mortgage   lenders,    whether   traditional   or
non-traditional, must continue to expand.

Balance Sheet Review

     Assets. As of December 31, 2001, total assets were $3.4 billion compared to
$3.2 billion as of December 31, 2000. The increase in total assets was primarily
due to growth in program assets, which increased $181.9 million during 2001 to a
total of $1.9  billion.  During 2001,  Farmer Mac  purchased  $464.7  million of
Qualified Loans and Guaranteed  Portions.  Non-program  assets increased to $1.5
billion as of December 31, 2001, from $1.4 billion as of December 31, 2000.

     The remaining growth in total assets was due to increases in the balance of
interest and guarantee  fees  receivable,  which  increased in proportion to the
growth of program assets and total guarantees.

     Liabilities.  Total liabilities  increased from $3.0 billion as of December
31, 2000 to $3.3 billion as of December 31,  2001.  The increase in  liabilities
was primarily due to growth in notes payable,  which  corresponded to the growth
in on-balance sheet program assets.  The remaining increase in total liabilities
was due to increases in accrued interest payable, the reserve for losses and the
recognition of financial derivatives on the balance sheet that resulted from the
adoption of SFAS 133. For more information about the  implementation and effects
of SFAS 133,  see "--  Other  Matters  -- New  Accounting  Standards."  For more
information about Farmer Mac's loss reserves,  see "-- Risk Management -- Credit
Risk   Management."  For  more  information   about  Farmer  Mac's  funding  and
interest-rate  risk  practices,  see "-- Risk Management --  Interest-Rate  Risk
Management."

     Capital.  As of December  31, 2001,  stockholders'  equity  totaled  $134.4
million,  compared to $132.7  million as of December 31, 2000.  The increase was
primarily  due to net income earned  during 2001 of $16.3  million,  offset by a
$7.6 million reduction in unrealized gains and the adverse effect of SFAS 133 on
other  comprehensive  income  of $15.5  million.  As of  December  31,  2001 and
December 31, 2000, Farmer Mac's statutory minimum capital requirement was $110.6
million and $96.9 million, compared with actual statutory core capital of $126.0
million  and  $101.2  million,  respectively.  See  "--  Liquidity  and  Capital
Resources -- Capital Requirements."

     Off-Balance  Sheet  Guarantees.   As  of  December  31,  2001,  outstanding
off-balance sheet guarantees  totaled $2.3 billion,  compared to $1.5 billion as
of December 31, 2000. For more information  about  off-balance  sheet Farmer Mac
Guaranteed Securities, see "-- Risk Management -- Credit Risk Management."

Risk Management

     Interest-Rate Risk Management. Interest-rate risk is the risk that interest
rate changes could materially  affect the value, or future  earnings,  of Farmer
Mac.  Farmer Mac is exposed to two primary  sources of  interest-rate  risk: (a)
Farmer Mac I and II  Securities  and other assets held for  investment,  and (b)
loans.

     Farmer  Mac is  subject  to  interest-rate  risk  on all  assets  held  for
investment  because  of  possible  timing  differences  in the cash flows of the
assets and related  liabilities.  This risk is primarily related to Farmer Mac I
and II Securities  because of the ability of borrowers to prepay their mortgages
before  the  scheduled  maturities,  thereby  increasing  the risk of asset  and
liability  cash  flow  mismatches.  Cash  flow  mismatches  in a  changing  rate
environment  can reduce the value or earnings of the Corporation if assets repay
sooner  than  expected  and the  resulting  cash  flows  must be  reinvested  in
lower-yielding   investments   when  Farmer  Mac's   funding   costs  cannot  be
correspondingly  reduced,  or if assets repay more slowly than  expected and the
associated  debt  must  be  replaced  by  higher-cost  debt.  Yield  maintenance
provisions  associated with many of the loans underlying Farmer Mac I Securities
reduce,  but do not eliminate,  this risk. Yield maintenance  provisions require
borrowers to make an  additional  payment  when they prepay  their  loans.  When
reinvested with the prepaid principal,  this payment generates substantially the
same cash flows that would have been generated had the loan not prepaid. None of
the loans underlying Farmer Mac II Securities have yield maintenance provisions,
although  some  carry  fixed  or  declining  percentage   prepayment  penalties.
Fixed-rate loans without yield maintenance  provisions represented 12 percent of
the total  balance  of loans  underlying  on-balance  sheet  Farmer Mac I and II
Securities as of December 31, 2001 and December 31, 2000.

     There is less  interest-rate  risk  related to Farmer  Mac's  portfolio  of
non-program  assets than to its portfolio of program assets,  because the former
consists almost entirely of investments  that mature or reprice within one year.
However,  Farmer Mac does  invest in certain  adjustable-rate  investments  that
limit or "cap" the amount  that an  investment  coupon rate can  increase.  Such
capped investments  totaled $295.4 million and $370.4 million as of December 31,
2001, and December 31, 2000, respectively.

     Farmer Mac's primary  strategy for managing  interest-rate  risk related to
Farmer Mac I and II Securities  and other assets held for  investment is to fund
them with liabilities that have similar durations, or average cash flow patterns
over time, and provide  flexibility to accommodate  changing prepayment rates in
changing interest rate  environments.  To achieve the desired funding objective,
Farmer Mac uses a mix of short-term Discount Notes and callable and non-callable
Medium-Term  Notes. By using a mix of liabilities  that includes  callable debt,
the  duration of the  liabilities  will tend to increase or decrease as interest
rates  change in a manner  similar to changes in the duration of the assets (the
rate of change in the  duration of an asset or liability to a change in interest
rates is referred to as convexity).  Farmer Mac manages the  interest-rate  risk
related  to capped  adjustable-rate  investments  by  purchasing  interest  rate
contracts  that  effectively  "uncap"  the  investments.   See  Note  5  to  the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

     Farmer Mac is also subject to interest-rate risk on loans,  including loans
that Farmer Mac has committed to acquire, but not yet purchased. When Farmer Mac
commits to  purchase a  Qualified  Loan,  it is  exposed to  interest-rate  risk
between  the time it commits to  purchase  the loan and the time it either:  (a)
sells  AMBS  backed by the loan,  or (b)  issues  debt to retain the loan in its
portfolio  (although  issuing debt to fund the loans as an  investment  does not
fully mitigate  interest-rate risk due to the possible timing differences in the
cash flows of the assets and related  liabilities,  as discussed  above).  As of
December 31, 2001, the balance of loans  committed or purchased and not yet sold
or funded as retained  investments totaled $1.5 million.  Farmer Mac manages the
interest-rate  risk related to such loans, and the debt to be issued to fund the
loans as retained investments,  through the use of forward sale contracts on the
debt and mortgage-backed  securities of other  government-sponsored  enterprises
("GSEs")  and  futures  contracts  involving  U.S.  Treasury  securities.  As of
December 31, 2001,  Farmer Mac owned eight open  Treasury  futures  contracts to
offset the  interest-rate  risk  associated with  approximately  $1.5 million in
loans.  Farmer  Mac uses GSE  forward  sale  contracts  to reduce  Farmer  Mac's
interest-rate  exposure  to  changes  in both  Treasury  rates and AMBS and debt
spreads.  For more information  about financial  derivatives,  see Note 5 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

     Farmer Mac has  established  policies and  implemented  interest-rate  risk
management procedures to monitor its exposure to interest-rate risk. The primary
methodology   Farmer  Mac  uses  to  monitor   interest-rate  risk  exposure  is
measurement of the sensitivity of Farmer Mac's market value of equity ("MVE") to
changes in interest rates.  This and other risk measures are reviewed  regularly
by management's  Asset and Liability  Committee and the Finance Committee of the
Board of Directors to monitor  compliance with Farmer Mac's  interest-rate  risk
policy limits.

     The  simulation  of MVE  involves  generating  multiple  paths  for  future
interest  rates  starting  from a "base"  yield curve and then  discounting  the
estimated  cash flows  under  those rate paths to arrive at the  estimated  fair
value of Farmer Mac's assets,  liabilities and off-balance  sheet items.  Farmer
Mac  uses a  commercially  developed  model to  perform  the MVE  analyses.  The
analysis,  which is based on  Farmer  Mac's  existing  assets,  liabilities  and
off-balance  sheet financial  instruments,  does not assume any new business and
measures the change in MVE under seven  interest  rate  scenarios.  The interest
rate scenarios include a "base case" in which the "base" yield curve is equal to
the current yield curve, and six parallel and instantaneous shocks to the "base"
yield curve (plus and minus 100, 200 and 300 basis points).  Inherent in the MVE
sensitivity  analysis  presented is the  assumption  that  interest rate changes
occur as  instantaneous  parallel  shifts in the yield curve;  in reality,  such
shifts are rarely instantaneous or parallel.  In addition,  actual future market
conditions  may differ  materially  from  those  assumed  in the  analysis.  For
example, actual loan prepayments and Farmer Mac AMBS and debt spreads may differ
significantly  from those assumed in the analysis.  Accordingly,  the results of
the MVE  sensitivity  analysis  should not be viewed as a  projection  of future
results.  The  following  schedule  summarizes  the results of Farmer  Mac's MVE
sensitivity analysis as of December 31, 2001 and 2000.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                           Percentage Change in MVE
                                from Base Case
                       --------------------------------
                                 December 31,
   Interest Rate       --------------------------------
     Scenario              2001              2000
------------------- ----------------- -----------------
<S> <C>                  <C>              <C>
     + 300 bp              -1.3%           -10.2%
     + 200 bp              -0.1%            -5.9%
     + 100 bp               0.6%            -2.0%
     - 100 bp              -2.4%            -0.5%
     - 200 bp              -6.4%            -3.2%
     - 300 bp             -16.2%            -6.5%

</TABLE>


     As of  December  31,  2001,  Farmer Mac was in  compliance  with the policy
limits  established by the Corporation to monitor its exposure to  interest-rate
risk.

     Credit Risk Management. Farmer Mac's primary exposure to credit risk is the
risk of loss resulting from the inability of borrowers to repay their mortgages.
Farmer  Mac is  exposed  to credit  risk on loans it holds,  as well as on loans
backing securities issued to third parties, because of Farmer Mac's guarantee of
the timely payment of principal, including any balloon payments, and interest on
the  securities.  Farmer  Mac is also  exposed  to  credit  risk on loans it has
committed to purchase through LTSPC transactions.  The LTSPC transaction,  which
is a variation  on a swap  transaction,  permits a lender to segregate a pool of
loans in its  portfolio  and  transfer  the credit risk on those loans to Farmer
Mac. In return, Farmer Mac receives fees based on the outstanding balance of the
segregated  loans which  approximate what would have been Farmer Mac's guarantee
fee had the loans been exchanged with Farmer Mac in a swap transaction.

     For several years,  Farmer Mac has conducted its own guarantee fee adequacy
analyses,  using stress-test models developed internally and with the assistance
of outside  experts.  These  analyses  have taken into  account  the diverse and
dissimilar  characteristics of the various asset categories for which Farmer Mac
must manage its risk  exposures,  and have  evolved as the mix and  character of
assets under  management  shifts with growth in the business and the addition of
new asset categories.

     Loans held or  guaranteed  by Farmer Mac can be divided into three  groups:
(a) pre-1996 Act Farmer Mac I loans;  (b) post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I loans;  and
(c) Farmer Mac II loans.  For  pre-1996  Act loans,  Farmer  Mac's  credit  risk
exposure is  mitigated by  subordinated  interests.  Before  Farmer Mac incurs a
credit  loss,  full  recourse  must  first be  taken  against  the  subordinated
interest.  The 1996 Act eliminated the subordinated interest  requirement.  As a
result,  Farmer Mac  assumes 100  percent of the credit  risk on  post-1996  Act
Farmer Mac I loans.  Farmer Mac  mitigates  the credit risk  related to pre- and
post-1996 Act loans through the  application of its  Underwriting  and Appraisal
Standards and by requiring  collateral in the form of Agricultural  Real Estate.
See  "Business -- Farmer Mac I --  Underwriting  and  Appraisal  Standards."  In
response to the increased credit risk related to post-1996 Act loans, Farmer Mac
increased the guarantee fee rate and lowered the loan-to-value  requirements for
post-1996  Act loans  relative to those  previously  required  for  pre-1996 Act
loans.  Farmer  Mac's  credit  exposure on Farmer Mac II loans is covered by the
"full faith and credit" of the United States by virtue of the USDA  guarantee of
the principal and interest on all  Guaranteed  Portions.  Farmer Mac believes it
has little or no credit risk exposure to pre-1996 Act Farmer Mac I loans because
of the  subordinated  interests,  or to Farmer Mac II loans  because of the USDA
guarantee.  The  outstanding  principal  balance of loans held or  guaranteed by
Farmer Mac is summarized in the table below.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                        December 31,
                            -----------------------------------
                                   2001               2000
                            ------------------  ---------------
                                      (in thousands)
<S>                           <C>                 <C>
 Farmer Mac I loans
   Post-1996 Act               $ 3,542,976         $ 2,509,007
   Pre-1996 Act                     48,979              83,503
 Farmer Mac II loans               595,156             517,703
                            ---------------     ---------------
                               $ 4,187,111         $ 3,110,213
                            ---------------     ---------------

</TABLE>

     Farmer  Mac  continually  assesses  its  credit  risk  exposure  related to
post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I loans by monitoring  agricultural economic conditions
and  evaluating  the credit  quality of those loans.  Despite  adverse trends in
agricultural  economic  conditions,  including low commodity  prices and reduced
export demand,  in 2001 and continuing  into 2002,  Farmer Mac believes that the
credit  quality of the post-1996  Act Farmer Mac I loans remains good,  based on
Farmer Mac's credit  underwriting,  appraisal and diversification  standards and
the actual  performance of the loans.  Farmer Mac manages its credit exposure in
particular  geographic  regions and  commodities  as a  percentage  of the total
principal  amount of all loans  outstanding,  adjusted for the credit quality of
the loans in that particular  geographic  region or commodity group based on the
loan-to-value,    debt   service   coverage,    equity-to-asset    and   working
capital-to-current   asset   ratios.   The   following   tables  set  forth  the
loan-to-value  (based  on  current  loan  balance),   geographic  and  commodity
distributions  of the  post-1996  Act Farmer Mac I loans as of December 31, 2001
and 2000.  For  information  regarding  loan-to-value,  commodity and geographic
distributions  of all  Farmer  Mac I  loans,  see  Note  11 to the  Consolidated
Financial Statements.

 <TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                Distribution of Post-1996
                                                    Act Loans as of
                                                      December 31,
                                                ----------------------
                                                    2001       2000
                                                ----------- ----------
<S>                                                <C>        <C>
 By original loan-to-value ratio:
    0.00% to 40.00%                                  26%        23%
   40.01% to 50.00%                                  21%        21%
   50.01% to 60.00%                                  26%        25%
   60.01% to 70.00%                                  24%        26%
   70.01% to 80.00%                                   2%         4%
   80.01% to 90.00%                                   1%         1%
                                                ----------- ----------
     Total                                          100%       100%
                                                ----------- ----------
   Weighted average loan-to-value ratio              49%        51%
                                                ----------- ----------
 By geographic region (1):
   Northwest                                         31%        33%
   Southwest                                         42%        40%
   Mid-North                                         12%        16%
   Mid-South                                          4%         5%
   Northeast                                          6%         4%
   Southeast                                          5%         2%
                                                ----------- ----------
     Total                                          100%       100%
                                                ----------- ----------
By commodity:
   Crops                                             46%        51%
   Livestock                                         19%        18%
   Permanent plantings                               30%        27%
   Part-time farms                                    5%         4%
                                                ----------- ----------
     Total                                          100%       100%
                                                ----------- ----------

(1)  Regions are defined in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

</TABLE>

     As of December 31, 2001,  Farmer Mac's  highest  geographic  concentrations
were in the  Southwest  and Northwest  regions.  Farmer Mac's largest  commodity
concentration as of December 31, 2001 was crops; however, this group consists of
several specific  commodities,  including  cotton,  feed grains,  vegetables and
other  crops,  none of  which  comprised  more  than  12  percent  of the  total
portfolio.

     The   effectiveness   of   Farmer   Mac's   underwriting,   appraisal   and
diversification  standards is reflected primarily through the level of defaulted
loans and related credit losses.  As of December 31, 2001,  post-1996 Act Farmer
Mac I loans that were 90 days or more past due (referred to as non-performing or
"impaired" loans) totaled $59.8 million,  or 1.70 percent of the total principal
amount of all post-1996  Act loans.  The balance of  non-performing  loans as of
December 31, 2000,  was $38.8  million,  or 1.53  percent of all  post-1996  Act
loans.  The increase in the  delinquency  rate of the post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I
loans from  December 31, 2000 to December 31, 2001 is  attributable  to a larger
portion of the portfolio  entering its peak loss years and continuing  liquidity
issues in the  agricultural  sector  rather  than to a decline in land values or
other drivers of loan losses.  The following table  segregates the post-1996 Act
loan delinquency rate as of December 31, 2001 by year of origination, geographic
region and commodity.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                      Post-1996 Act Delinquency Rates
                                     ----------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>
 By year of origination:
  Prior to 1996                                   0.72%
  1996                                            5.34%
  1997                                            3.65%
  1998                                            2.71%
  1999                                            1.11%
  2000                                            0.62%
  2001                                            0.00%

 By geographic region (1):
  Northwest                                       3.13%
  Southwest                                       1.24%
  Mid-north                                       0.69%
  Mid-south                                       1.07%
  Northeast                                       0.44%
  Southeast                                       1.04%

 By commodity:
  Crops                                           1.57%
  Livestock                                       1.09%
  Permanent plantings                             2.46%
  Part-time farms                                 1.02%

(1) Regions are defined in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
</TABLE>


     The USDA is forecasting net cash income on farms at $50.9 billion for 2002,
down $8.6  billion  from the revised 2001  forecast of $59.5  billion,  assuming
government  payments of $10.7 billion for 2002. The USDA's  government  payments
assumption  is based on  existing  legislation  however,  and does not take into
account  increases  expected  to be  enacted  in the  pending  farm  bill or any
emergency  assistance  that  may be  contained  in  special  legislation,  which
represented  $9.1  billion of the $21.0  billion in  government  payments to the
agricultural sector for 2001. The USDA currently expects farm real estate values
to rise during 2002 by about 1 percent.  Regionally, farm real estate values may
vary  with  differing  rates  of  increase,  or  even  decrease,   depending  on
commodities grown and regional economic factors.

     Farmer Mac anticipates that post-1996 Act loan  delinquencies  may increase
again in 2002,  due to both the growing  number of loans held or  securitized by
Farmer Mac that are gradually  approaching  their anticipated peak default years
and  the  expectation  of  continued  stress  in the  agricultural  and  overall
economies. Nevertheless, based on strong agricultural income figures reported by
the USDA for 2001,  continued stable agricultural land values in most regions of
the country and anticipated federal financial support for agricultural producers
again in 2002,  Farmer  Mac  believes  that  overall  credit  quality  and sound
business development opportunities remain strong.

     The primary  determinant of the loss that may be incurred on non-performing
loans is the loan-to-value  ratio. As of December 31, 2001, the weighted-average
loan-to-value  ratio  for  all  post-1996  Act  loans  was 49  percent,  and the
weighted-average  loan-to-value  ratio for all  post-1996 Act loans that were 90
days or more past due, in  foreclosure  or in  bankruptcy  was 59  percent.  The
following table  illustrates  the  distribution  of  non-performing  loans as of
December  31, 2001 by  loan-to-value  ratio  (based on current  loan balance and
appraised value at the date of initial guarantee by Farmer Mac):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                 Distribution of
                                  Post-1996 Act
                                  Delinquencies
                                -----------------
<S>                                 <C>
 By loan-to-value ratio:
   0.00% to 40.00%                     5%
  40.01% to 50.00%                     9%
  50.01% to 60.00%                    38%
  60.01% to 70.00%                    45%
  70.01% to 80.00%                     3%
                                -----------------
Total                                100%
                                -----------------

</TABLE>

     Farmer  Mac  maintains  a  reserve  to cover  potential  credit  losses  on
post-1996  Act loans  underlying  Farmer  Mac I  Securities  and  LTSPCs.  As of
December 31, 2001, Farmer Mac's loan loss reserve was $15.9 million, compared to
$11.3  million as of December 31, 2000.  Farmer Mac's  provision  for losses was
$6.7 million for 2001,  compared to $4.7  million for 2000.  Farmer Mac incurred
$2.5 million in charge-offs  against the loan loss reserve  during 2001.  Farmer
Mac had no property acquired through foreclosure as of December 31, 2001 and the
cost basis in property acquired through foreclosure and held by Farmer Mac as of
December 31, 2000, was $208,000.

     The reserve,  as a percentage  of  outstanding  post-1996  Act Farmer Mac I
loans,  was 0.45 percent as of both  December  31, 2001 and 2000,  respectively.
Management  evaluates  the  adequacy  of the  reserve  on a  monthly  basis  and
considers a number of factors,  including:  historical  charge-off  and recovery
activity; trends in delinquencies, bankruptcies and non-performing loans; trends
in loan volume and the size of credit risks;  current and  anticipated  economic
conditions;  the condition of agricultural segments,  commodities and geographic
areas experiencing or expected to experience  particular  economic  adversities,
particularly   areas  where  Farmer  Mac  may  have   geographic   or  commodity
concentrations;  the degree of risk inherent in the  composition of Farmer Mac's
guaranteed  portfolio;  the results of quality control reviews; and underwriting
standards.

     To a lesser extent, Farmer Mac is also exposed to institutional credit risk
related to: (1) issuers of AgVantage bonds and other  investments held by Farmer
Mac; (2) Sellers and servicers;  and (3) interest-rate contract  counterparties.
AgVantage bonds are general obligations of the AgVantage Issuers and are secured
by collateral  in an amount  ranging from 120 percent to 150 percent of the bond
amount.  In addition to requiring  collateral,  Farmer Mac mitigates credit risk
related to AgVantage bonds by evaluating and monitoring the financial  condition
of the AgVantage Issuers.  Outstanding  AgVantage bonds totaled $24.5 million as
of December 31, 2001, and $28.1 million as of December 31, 2000.

     The  credit  risk  inherent  in other  investments  held by  Farmer  Mac is
mitigated  by Farmer  Mac's  policy of  establishing  concentration  limits  and
investing  in  highly-rated  instruments,  which  reduce  exposure  to  any  one
counterparty. Farmer Mac's policy limits the Corporation's total credit exposure
to a single entity by limiting the dollar amount of investments with one entity,
excluding GSEs and agencies of the U.S. government, to the greater of 25 percent
of Farmer Mac's regulatory core capital or $25 million. The policy also requires
the entity to be rated in one of the three highest rating categories of at least
one nationally  recognized  statistical rating organization for investments with
terms greater than 270 days and in one of the two highest rating  categories for
investments with terms of 270 days or less.

     As of December 31, 2001,  Farmer Mac had  investments in commercial  paper,
corporate debt securities, asset-backed securities and preferred stock issued by
52 entities  totaling  $750  million,  of which 26 exceeded 10 percent of Farmer
Mac's  stockholders'  equity  (the  cumulative  balance of  investments  in such
entities totaled $624.5 million),  and 9 entities with a total balance of $331.0
million exceeded 15 percent of stockholders' equity. In addition, as of December
31,  2001,  Farmer  Mac held  $373.2  million  of  securities  issued by GSEs or
agencies of the U.S.  government and $298.6  million in money market  investment
accounts,  with the maximum amount held in any one money market  investment fund
at any time during 2001 being approximately $350 million.  The short-term nature
of the investment portfolio also limits Farmer Mac's credit risk. As of December
31, 2001,  41.6 percent of the  investment  portfolio,  excluding GSE and agency
investments, consisted of short-term highly liquid investments.

     Farmer Mac  manages  institutional  credit  risk  related  to  Sellers  and
servicers by  requiring  such  institutions  to meet  certain  standards  and by
monitoring  their  financial  condition and servicing  performance.  Credit risk
related to  interest-rate  contracts is discussed in Note 5 to the  Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

     Liquidity.  The funding needs of Farmer Mac's business  programs are driven
by the purchase of Qualified Loans,  payment of principal and interest on Farmer
Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  and the  maturities  of debt.  Farmer Mac's primary
sources  of  funds  to meet  these  needs  are  issuances  of debt  obligations,
principal and interest  payments on mortgages  underlying  Farmer Mac Guaranteed
Securities  and net  operating  cash  flows.  Because  of Farmer  Mac's  regular
participation  in the capital  markets  and its status as a GSE,  Farmer Mac has
been able to access the  capital  markets at  favorable  rates.  Farmer Mac also
maintains a portfolio of cash  equivalent  investments,  comprised of commercial
paper  and  other  short-term  instruments,  to draw  upon as  necessary.  As of
December  31,  2001 and 2000,  Farmer  Mac's cash and cash  equivalents  totaled
$437.8 million and $537.9 million, respectively.

     Capital  Requirements.  The Act,  as amended  by the 1996 Act,  establishes
three capital standards for Farmer  Mac--minimum,  critical and risk-based.  The
minimum  capital  requirement  is expressed as a percentage of on-balance  sheet
assets and off-balance sheet obligations,  with the critical capital requirement
equal to one-half of the minimum  capital  amount.  Higher  minimum and critical
capital  requirements  were phased in over a transition  period,  which ended on
January 1, 1999,  when the highest level of minimum  capital became  applicable.
The Act does not specify the required  level of risk-based  capital.  It directs
the FCA to establish a risk-based  capital test for Farmer Mac, using  specified
stress-test  parameters.  For a discussion of risk-based capital,  including the
potential  future impact on Farmer Mac of the  risk-based  capital  requirements
adopted by the FCA, see  "Government  Regulation  of Farmer Mac -- Regulation --
Capital Standards -- Risk-based capital."

     Certain enforcement powers are given to the FCA depending upon Farmer Mac's
compliance with the capital standards.  See "Government Regulation of Farmer Mac
-- Regulation -- Capital  Standards --  Enforcement  levels." As of December 31,
2001 and  2000,  Farmer  Mac was  classified  as within  "level I" (the  highest
compliance  level).  The following table sets forth Farmer Mac's minimum capital
requirement  as of  December  31,  2001 and 2000  based on the  fully  phased-in
requirements.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         December 31, 2001                         December 31, 2000
                                             ---------------------------------------   ----------------------------------------
                                                                           Capital                                   Capital
                                                 Amount        Ratio      Required        Amount         Ratio      Required
                                             ------------- ------------- -----------   ------------ ------------- -------------
                                                                            (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                          <C>               <C>       <C>          <C>               <C>        <C>
 On-balance sheet assets                      $3,380,157        2.75%     $92,954      $3,112,058        2.75%      $85,582
 Outstanding balance of Farmer Mac
   Guaranteed Securities held by others        2,329,879        0.75%      17,474       1,498,029        0.75%       11,235
 Derivative and hedging obligations               20,762        0.75%         156           8,061        0.75%           60
                                                                         -----------                              ------------
Minimum capital level                                                     110,584                                    96,877
Actual core capital                                                       126,042                                   101,163
                                                                         -----------                              ------------
Capital surplus                                                           $15,458                                   $ 4,286
                                                                         -----------                              ------------

</TABLE>

     Based on the current minimum capital  requirements  established in the 1996
Act,  Farmer  Mac's  current  capital  surplus of $15.5  million  would  support
additional  guarantee  growth in amounts ranging from $562 million of on-balance
sheet  guarantees  to more than $2.0 billion of  off-balance  sheet  guarantees.
Furthermore, should Farmer Mac deem it appropriate, on-balance sheet non-program
assets (cash and cash  equivalents  and  investment  securities) of $1.4 billion
could be replaced with on- and off-balance sheet program  guarantees,  resulting
in the  ability to carry  additional  guarantees  ranging  from $1.4  billion of
on-balance  sheet   guarantees  to  over  $5.1  billion  of  off-balance   sheet
guarantees. Ultimately, Farmer Mac could sell on-balance sheet program assets of
$1.9 billion in order to support further  increases of on- and off-balance sheet
program guarantees,  resulting in the ability to carry an additional  cumulative
$14.1 billion of off-balance sheet guarantees.  Any of these transactions would,
of course,  be evaluated  to optimize  Farmer Mac's return on equity and capital
flexibility.   Accordingly,  in  the  opinion  of  management,  Farmer  Mac  has
sufficient capital and liquidity for the next twelve months.

Other Matters

     New  Accounting  Standards.  As amended,  SFAS 133 became  effective  as of
January 1, 2001.  SFAS 133  requires  financial  derivatives  to be measured and
recorded at fair value.  Pursuant to  generally  accepted  accounting  practices
prior to SFAS 133, derivatives were accounted for as off-balance sheet items and
disclosed in the consolidated financial statement footnotes.

     The cumulative effect of this change in accounting principles recognized on
January  1, 2001 was a  reduction  to net  income  of  $726,000  and a  negative
adjustment to other  comprehensive  income within  stockholders'  equity of $8.6
million.  The  Corporation  expects that SFAS 133 will  increase  volatility  in
earnings and accumulated other comprehensive income.

     Beginning in the first quarter of 2001,  Farmer Mac disclosed an additional
earnings per share  measure that excludes the effects of the  mark-to-market  of
derivative instruments and the one-time transition adjustment that resulted from
the  implementation  of SFAS 133. This  operating  earnings per share measure is
determined on a basis consistent with pre-SFAS 133 earnings per share.

     In September  2000, the Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board issued SFAS
140. SFAS 140 was applied as of April 1, 2001 as required by the standard.  SFAS
140 does not  materially  affect  the  Corporation's  results of  operations  or
financial  position,  but does result in the  Corporation  classifying  as loans
certain AMBS that were previously classified as Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities
and requires the Corporation to classify as interest income certain amounts that
were previously classified as guarantee fees.


<PAGE>


Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

     Farmer Mac is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates. Farmer
Mac manages this market risk by entering  into various  financial  transactions,
including off-balance sheet derivative financial instruments,  and by monitoring
its exposure to changes in interest  rates.  See  "Management's  Discussion  and
Analysis of Financial  Condition and Results of Operations -- Risk Management --
Interest-Rate  Risk Management" for more information about Farmer Mac's exposure
to  interest  rate risk and  strategies  to manage  such risk.  For  information
regarding Farmer Mac's use of and accounting policies for financial derivatives,
see Notes 2(g) and 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.



<PAGE>


Item 8. Financial Statements

Report of Independent Public Accountants

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation:

We have  audited the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets of the Federal
Agricultural Mortgage Corporation ("Farmer Mac") and subsidiaries as of December
31,  2001 and 2000,  and the  related  consolidated  statements  of  operations,
changes in stockholders'  equity,  and cash flows for each of the three years in
the  period  ended  December  31,  2001.  These  financial  statements  are  the
responsibility of Farmer Mac's management.  Our  responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial  statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial  statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by  management,  as well as  evaluating  the  overall  financial  statement
presentation.  We believe  that our audits  provide a  reasonable  basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects,  the financial position of Farmer Mac and subsidiaries as
of December  31, 2001 and 2000,  and the results of their  operations  and their
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2001, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.

As  discussed  in Note 2 to the  consolidated  financial  statements,  effective
January 1, 2001,  Farmer Mac  changed  its method of  accounting  for  financial
derivatives.

Arthur Andersen LLP



Vienna, VA
January 23, 2002






<PAGE>


                              FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION
                                    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

  <TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                          December 31,
                                                                 -----------------------------
                                                                       2001           2000
                                                                 -------------- --------------
                                                                         (in thousands)
<S>                                                                <C>            <C>
 Assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                         $ 437,831      $ 537,871
   Investment securities                                             1,007,954        836,757
   Farmer Mac guaranteed securities                                  1,690,376      1,679,993
   Loans                                                               201,812         30,279
   Financial derivatives                                                    15              -
   Interest receivable                                                  56,253         55,681
   Guarantee fees receivable                                             6,004          5,494
   Prepaid expenses and other assets                                    16,963         14,824
                                                                 -------------- --------------
     Total Assets                                                   $3,417,208     $3,160,899
                                                                 -------------- --------------

 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity:
 Liabilities:
   Notes payable:
    Due within one year                                             $2,233,267     $2,141,548
    Due after one year                                                 968,463        827,635
                                                                 -------------- --------------
     Total notes payable                                             3,201,730      2,969,183

   Financial derivatives                                                20,762              -
   Accrued interest payable                                             26,358         20,852
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                18,037         26,880
   Reserve for losses                                                   15,884         11,323
                                                                 -------------- --------------
     Total Liabilities                                               3,282,771      3,028,238
                                                                 -------------- --------------

 Stockholders' Equity:
   Common stock:
    Class A Voting, $1 par value, no maximum authorization,
     1,030,780 and 1,030,780 shares issued and outstanding
     as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively                      1,031          1,031
    Class B Voting, $1 par value, no maximum authorization,
     500,301 and 500,301 shares issued and outstanding
     as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively                        500            500
    Class C Non-Voting, $1 par value, no maximum authorization,
     10,033,037 and 9,620,112 shares issued and outstanding
     as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively                     10,033          9,621
   Additional paid-in capital                                           80,960         72,773
   Accumulated other comprehensive income                                8,395         31,498
   Retained earnings                                                    33,518         17,238
                                                                 -------------- --------------
     Total Stockholders' Equity                                        134,437        132,661
                                                                 -------------- --------------

   Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity                       $3,417,208     $3,160,899
                                                                 -------------- --------------


         See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


</TABLE>



<PAGE>


                         FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION
                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            For Year Ended December 31,
                                                     ---------------------------------------
                                                         2001          2000          1999
                                                     ------------  ------------  -----------
                                                     (in thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                                                    <C>           <C>          <C>
 Interest income:
   Investments and cash equivalents                     $ 65,334      $ 91,905     $ 70,554
   Farmer Mac guaranteed securities                      110,169       100,649       63,054
   Loans                                                   5,710         2,866        6,769
                                                     ------------  ------------  -----------
    Total interest income                                181,213       195,420      140,377

 Interest expense                                        154,274       177,722      125,419
                                                     ------------  ------------  -----------
 Net interest income                                      26,939        17,698       14,958
 Losses on financial derivatives
 and trading assets                                         (726)            -            -
 Other income:
   Guarantee fees                                         15,807        11,677        7,396
   Miscellaneous                                             560           399          220
                                                     ------------  ------------  -----------
    Total other income                                    16,367        12,076        7,616

                                                     ------------  ------------  -----------
    Total revenues                                        42,580        29,774       22,574
                                                     ------------  ------------  -----------

 Expenses:
   Compensation and employee benefits                      5,601         4,521        4,577
   Regulatory fees                                           735           584          502
   General and administrative                              4,094         3,744        3,232
                                                     ------------  ------------  -----------
    Total operating expenses                              10,430         8,849        8,311

   Provision for losses                                    6,725         4,739        3,672
                                                     ------------  ------------  -----------
    Total expenses                                        17,155        13,588       11,983

                                                     ------------  ------------  -----------
 Income before income taxes                               25,425        16,186       10,591

 Income tax expense                                        8,419         5,749        3,670
                                                     ---------------------------------------
 Net income before cumulative effect                      17,006        10,437        6,921
 Cumulative effect of change
 in accounting principles, net of tax                       (726)            -            -
                                                     ---------------------------------------
 Net income                                              $ 16,280      $ 10,437      $ 6,921
                                                    ---------------------------------------


 Earnings per share:
   Basic net earnings                                     $ 1.44        $ 0.94       $ 0.64
   Diluted net earnings                                   $ 1.38        $ 0.92       $ 0.62
 Earnings per share excluding cumulative
 effect of change in accounting principles:
   Basic earnings per share                               $ 1.50        $ 0.94       $ 0.64
   Diluted earnings per share                             $ 1.45        $ 0.92       $ 0.62

              See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


</TABLE>




<PAGE>


                          FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                    Accumulated
                                                                       Other
                                                                   Comprehensive   Retained
                                                Additional Paid-      Income /     Earnings/
                                  Common Stock     in Capital        (Deficit)     (Deficit)       Total
                                  ------------ -----------------   -------------   ----------    ----------
                                                                   (in thousands)
<S>                               <C>            <C>              <C>             <C>           <C>             <C>          <C>
 Balance, December 31, 1998        $ 10,801       $ 69,984           $ 249           $ (120)      $ 80,914

  Issuance of Common Stock
   Class A                                6             96                                             102
   Class C                               95          1,017                                           1,112
  Change in unrealized gain/loss
   on securities available-for-sale,
    net of taxes of $982,000                                        (1,906)                         (1,906)
  Net income                                                                          6,921          6,921
                                                                                   ------------
  Comprehensive income                                                                               5,015
                                 ------------    ------------    ------------      ------------  -----------
 Balance, December 31, 1999          10,902         71,097          (1,657)           6,801         87,143
                                 ------------    ------------    ------------      ------------  -----------

  Issuance of Common Stock
   Class C                              250          1,676                                           1,926
  Change in unrealized gain/loss
   on securities available-for-sale,
    net of taxes of $18.2 million                                   33,155                          33,155
  Net income                                                                         10,437         10,437
                                                                                                 ------------
  Comprehensive income                                                                              43,592
                                 ------------    ------------    ------------      ------------  ------------
 Balance, December 31, 2000          11,152         72,773          31,498           17,238        132,661
                                 ------------    ------------    ------------      ------------  ------------
  Issuance of Common Stock
   Class C                              412          8,187                                           8,599
  Change in unrealized gain/loss
    on securities available-for-sale,
    net of taxes of $4.2 million                                    (7,601)                         (7,601)
  Cumulative effect of change in
    accounting principles,
    net of taxes of $4.8 million                                    (8,632)                         (8,632)
  Change in unrealized gain/loss
    on financial derivatives,
    net of taxes of $3.7 million                                    (6,870)                         (6,870)
  Net income                                                                         16,280         16,280
                                                                                                 ------------
  Comprehensive income                                                                              (6,823)
                                 ------------    ------------    ------------      -----------   ------------
Balance, December 31, 2001         $ 11,564       $ 80,960         $ 8,395         $ 33,518      $ 134,437
                                 ------------    ------------    ------------      -----------   ------------


                               See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>


<PAGE>


                                FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION
                                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                       --------------------------------------------------
                                                                              2001             2000             1999
                                                                       ----------------  ---------------  ---------------
                                                                                         (in thousands)
<S>                                                                        <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>
 Cash flows from operating activities:
   Net income                                                               $ 16,280         $ 10,437          $ 6,921
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
    operating activities:
    Net amortization of investment premiums and discounts                     (7,885)           1,269            3,857
    Increase in interest receivable                                             (572)         (12,781)         (18,374)
    Increase in guarantee fees receivable                                       (510)          (1,136)          (2,223)
    Increase in other assets                                                  (1,695)            (166)          (8,867)
    Amortization of debt premiums, discounts and issuance costs               89,131          126,653           88,337
    Increase in accrued interest payable                                       5,506            2,303            9,436
    Increase in other liabilities                                              3,762            2,960            2,861
    Proceeds from repayment of trading investment securities                 (21,717)               -                -
    Mark-to-market on trading securities and derivatives                        (202)               -                -
    Amortization of settled financial derivatives contracts                      461                -                -
    Provision for losses                                                       6,725            4,739            3,672
                                                                       ----------------  ---------------  ---------------
     Net cash provided by operating activities                                89,284          134,278           85,620
                                                                       ----------------  ---------------  ---------------
 Cash flows from investing activities:
   Purchases of investment securities                                       (592,747)        (254,937)        (509,741)
   Purchases of Farmer Mac guaranteed securities                            (261,569)        (464,917)        (979,967)
   Purchases of loans                                                       (273,415)        (446,251)        (395,845)
   Proceeds from repayment of investment securities                          455,744          264,403          304,235
   Proceeds from repayment of Farmer Mac guaranteed securities               268,351          435,602          739,483
   Proceeds from repayment of loans                                            2,021            1,183            6,080
   Proceeds from sale of Farmer Mac guaranteed securities                     65,929          159,910                -
   Settlement of financial derivatives                                        (5,230)               -                -
   Purchases of office equipment                                                 (71)               -                -
                                                                       ----------------  ---------------  ---------------
    Net cash used by investing activities                                   (340,987)        (305,007)        (835,755)
                                                                       ----------------  ---------------  ---------------

 Cash flows from financing activities:
   Proceeds from issuance of discount notes                              105,736,192       64,284,888       74,159,998
   Proceeds from issuance of medium-term notes                               295,186          215,027          450,454
   Payments to redeem discount notes                                    (105,641,354)     (64,072,223)     (74,004,635)
   Payments to redeem medium-term notes                                     (246,960)         (57,300)         (61,240)
   Proceeds from common stock issuance                                         8,599            1,926            1,214
                                                                       ----------------  ---------------  ---------------
    Net cash provided by financing activities                                151,663          372,318          545,791
                                                                       ----------------  ---------------  ---------------
   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                     (100,040)         201,589         (204,344)

   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                          537,871          336,282          540,626
                                                                       ----------------  ---------------  ---------------
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                              $ 437,831        $ 537,871        $ 336,282
                                                                       ----------------  ---------------  ---------------

                                      See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

</TABLE>

<PAGE>


                    FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999

1. ORGANIZATION

The   Federal   Agricultural   Mortgage   Corporation   ("Farmer   Mac"  or  the
"Corporation") is a  stockholder-owned,  federally chartered  instrumentality of
the  United  States  that was  created  to  establish  a  secondary  market  for
agricultural real estate and rural housing mortgage loans  ("Qualified  Loans").
Farmer Mac was created with the enactment of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1987
(12 U.S.C.  ss.ss.  2279aa et seq.),  which  amended the Farm Credit Act of 1971
(collectively,  as  amended,  the  "Act")  to  provide  for the  existence  of a
secondary market for agricultural  mortgages.  Farmer Mac provides  liquidity to
the agricultural  mortgage market by: (1) purchasing newly originated  Qualified
Loans  directly  from  lenders  through  its  "cash  window"  and  existing,  or
"seasoned,"  Qualified  Loans from lenders and other third parties in negotiated
transactions;  (2) issuing Long-Term Standby Purchase Commitments ("LTSPCs") for
newly originated and seasoned Qualified Loans; (3) exchanging  securities issued
and guaranteed by Farmer Mac for Qualified Loans that back those securities (the
"swap" program);  and (4) purchasing  mortgage-backed bonds secured by Qualified
Loans through its "AgVantage" program.

Farmer Mac  conducts  its  business  through  two  programs,  "Farmer Mac I" and
"Farmer  Mac II."  Under the Farmer Mac I  Program,  Farmer  Mac  purchases,  or
commits to purchase,  Qualified Loans, or obligations backed by Qualified Loans,
that are not guaranteed by any  instrumentality  or agency of the United States.
Under the Farmer Mac II Program,  Farmer Mac purchases the  guaranteed  portions
(the "Guaranteed  Portions") of loans guaranteed by the United States Department
of  Agriculture  (the  "USDA")  pursuant  to the  Consolidated  Farm  and  Rural
Development Act (7 U.S.C. ss.ss. 1921 et seq.; the "ConAct").

Pursuant to its statutory  authority,  Farmer Mac guarantees  timely payments of
principal  and interest on  securities  backed by Qualified  Loans or Guaranteed
Portions  ("Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities")  and retains those securities in
its portfolio or sells them in the capital markets.

Farmer Mac's current  principal  sources of revenue are: (1) fees it receives in
connection with its guarantees and commitments to purchase  Qualified Loans; and
(2)  net  interest  income  earned  on its  retained  portfolio  of  Farmer  Mac
Guaranteed Securities, Qualified Loans, AgVantage bonds and investments.

During 2001, Farmer Mac purchased  Qualified Loans through its Farmer Mac I cash
window program from 63 Sellers  operating  throughout the United States.  During
the year,  the top 10 Sellers  generated  72.2  percent of the Farmer Mac I cash
window loan volume.  This included  Qualified Loans sold by Zions First National
Bank ("Zions"),  Farmer Mac's largest  combined Class A and Class C stockholder.
Of Farmer Mac's 2001 Farmer Mac I cash window volume for the year,  34.4 percent
was purchased from Zions.



<PAGE>


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The  accounting  and  reporting  policies of Farmer Mac conform  with  generally
accepted  accounting  principles  in  the  United  States.  The  preparation  of
consolidated   financial   statements  in  conformity  with  generally  accepted
accounting   principles  requires  management  to  make  certain  estimates  and
assumptions  that  affect the  reported  amounts of assets and  liabilities  and
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities (including, but not limited to,
the reserve for losses) as of the date of the consolidated  financial statements
and the reported  amounts of income and expenses  during the  reporting  period.
Actual  results  could  differ  from  those  estimates.  The  following  are the
significant  accounting  policies  that  Farmer  Mac  follows in  preparing  and
presenting its consolidated financial statements:

(a)   Principles of Consolidation

Prior to 1999, Farmer Mac maintained two wholly owned subsidiaries. During 1999,
these subsidiaries and their principal activities,  which were to facilitate the
purchase  and  issuance  of Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  and to act as a
registrant under registration  statements filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission,   were  merged  into  one  subsidiary.  The  consolidated  financial
statements include the accounts of Farmer Mac and a wholly owned subsidiary. All
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

(b)   Cash and Cash Equivalents

Farmer  Mac  considers  highly  liquid   investment   securities  with  original
maturities  of  three  months  or less to be cash  equivalents.  Changes  in the
balance of cash and cash equivalents are reported in the Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows. The following table sets forth information regarding certain cash
and non-cash transactions for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                              2001         2000           1999
                                                                          ------------ ------------- -------------
                                                                                       (in thousands)
<S>                                                                       <C>           <C>           <C>
 Cash paid during the year for:
   Interest                                                                $ 75,821      $ 50,493      $ 29,810
   Income taxes                                                               8,200         6,825         4,987
 Non-cash activity:
   Real estate owned acquired through foreclosure                                 -             -         2,102
   Loans acquired and securitized as AMBS                                    99,862       452,124       517,801

</TABLE>

Certain loans  acquired and  securitized as AMBS after the adoption of Statement
of  Financial  Accounting  Standards  No.  140,  Accounting  for  Transfers  and
Servicing of Financial Assets and  Extinguishments  of Liabilities ("SFAS 140"),
on April 1, 2001, but do not meet the security  accounting  requirements of SFAS
140, are classified as loans on the accompanying 2001 Consolidated Balance Sheet
and the  securitization  of those loans is excluded  from the non-cash  activity
presented in the table above.

(c)   Investments and Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities

Farmer Mac  classifies  investments  and Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities  that
Farmer  Mac has  the  positive  intent  and  ability  to  hold  to  maturity  as
held-to-maturity.  Such securities are carried at cost, adjusted for unamortized
premiums and unearned  discounts.  Securities for which Farmer Mac does not have
the positive intent to hold to maturity are classified as available-for-sale and
are  carried  at  estimated   fair  value.   Unrealized   gains  and  losses  on
available-for-sale   securities   are  reported  as  a  separate   component  of
stockholders'  equity.  Certain  of  the  securities  previously  classified  as
available-for-sale  were reclassified as trading securities with the adoption of
Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 133, Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging  Activities ("SFAS 133"), and are reported at their fair
value,  with  unrealized  gains  and  losses  included  in  earnings.  Premiums,
discounts and other  deferred  costs are  amortized to interest  income over the
estimated life of the security  using the effective  interest  method.  Interest
income on  investments  and Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities is recorded on an
accrual basis unless the collection of interest is considered doubtful.

Farmer Mac receives  yield  maintenance  payments when certain  Qualified  Loans
prepay.  These payments  mitigate Farmer Mac's exposure to reinvestment risk and
are calculated  such that,  when  reinvested  with the prepaid  principal,  they
should generate substantially the same cash flows that would have been generated
had the Qualified Loans not prepaid.  Yield maintenance  payments are recognized
as interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations upon receipt.

(d)   Loans

Loans for which Farmer Mac has the  positive  intent and ability to hold for the
foreseeable  future  are  classified  as held for  investment  and  reported  at
amortized  cost.  Loans  that  Farmer  Mac  does  not  intend  to  hold  for the
foreseeable  future are classified as held for sale and reported at the lower of
cost or market.  Of the loans held by Farmer Mac as of December 31, 2001, $175.8
million were held for  investment  and $25.8  million were held for sale. Of the
loans held by Farmer Mac as of December  31, 2000,  $18.6  million were held for
investment and $11.6 million were held for sale.

(e)   Securitization of Qualified Loans

Farmer Mac issues guaranteed  securities  backed by Qualified Loans.  Farmer Mac
generates  guarantee fees for the Corporation as  compensation  for assuming the
credit risk on the Qualified Loans underlying the securities.  Farmer Mac issued
$99.9  million,  $519.9  million  and $694.6  million  of Farmer Mac  Guaranteed
Securities  during each of the years ended  December 31, 2001,  2000,  and 1999,
respectively.  The guarantee fees are recognized as earned over the lives of the
underlying loans. After the adoption of SFAS 140 on April 1, 2001, certain loans
that  were  acquired  and  securitized  as AMBS,  but do not  meet the  security
accounting requirements of SFAS 140, are classified as loans on the accompanying
2001 Consolidated  Balance Sheet and the guarantee fees earned are classified as
interest income on the accompanying 2001 Consolidated Statement of Operations.

Periodically,  Farmer Mac sells its  guaranteed  securities  to  capital  market
investors.  When sold, a gain is recognized  to the extent sale proceeds  exceed
the cost basis of the security.

(f)   Non-Performing Loans

Non-performing  (or  "impaired")  loans are loans for which it is probable  that
Farmer Mac will not receive all amounts  contractually due and include all loans
90 days or more past due. When a Qualified Loan  collateralizing  a Farmer Mac I
Security  is  placed on  non-accrual  status,  the  interest  income  due to the
security  holder is accrued as part of the provision for losses until Farmer Mac
purchases the loan from the pool and the principal  amount is passed  through to
the  investor.  When a loan held by Farmer  Mac is  determined  to be  impaired,
interest due on the loan is not recognized as interest  income until the payment
is received  from the  borrower.  Interest  previously  accrued on loans held by
Farmer Mac or interest  advanced to security holders is charged against the loss
reserve when deemed uncollectible.

(g)   Financial Derivatives

A  financial  derivative  is  a  financial  instrument  that  has  one  or  more
underlyings and one or more notional  amounts,  requires no significant  initial
net  investment,  and has terms that require net  settlement.  Farmer Mac enters
into  financial  derivative  contracts  as  an  end-user,  not  for  trading  or
speculative  purposes.  Farmer  Mac uses  financial  derivatives  to adjust  the
characteristics  of Farmer  Mac's  debt to match the  characteristics  of Farmer
Mac's mortgage assets.

When financial  derivatives  meet specific  criteria,  they are accounted for as
either fair value hedges or cash flow hedges.  Financial derivatives that do not
satisfy SFAS 133 hedge criteria are not accounted for as hedges. Changes in fair
value of those financial derivatives are reported in income or expense.

Prior to the  adoption of SFAS 133,  when  financial  derivatives  met  specific
criteria,  they were accounted for either as synthetic instruments or as hedges.
When  financial  derivatives  were  accounted  for  as  synthetic   instruments,
primarily  interest-rate  contracts,  the net differential  received or paid was
recognized on an accrual basis. When financial derivatives were accounted for as
hedges, the related fair value gains or losses were deferred as an adjustment to
the hedged asset or liability.  Upon  termination of a hedge  relationship,  the
deferred gain or loss was amortized  over the  remaining  effective  life of the
hedged asset or liability.  Interest  payments  received or paid under financial
derivatives qualifying as hedges were recognized on an accrual basis.

(h)   Notes and Bonds Payable

Notes and bonds payable are classified as due within one year or due after one
year based on their contractual maturities. Debt issuance costs, including gains
and losses related to hedging activities, are deferred and amortized to interest
income or expense using the effective interest method over the estimated life of
the related debt.

(i)   Reserve for Losses

Farmer Mac  maintains a reserve for losses to cover  potential  losses on loans,
including  Qualified Loans underlying  Post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Securities and
LTSPCs.  The reserve is maintained at a level management deems adequate to cover
potential principal losses and interest losses related to loans that are 90 days
or more delinquent. The reserve is increased through periodic provisions charged
to expense and reduced by charge-offs for actual loan losses, net of recoveries.
In estimating  potential losses on loans and outstanding  Farmer Mac guarantees,
management considers economic conditions,  geographic and agricultural commodity
concentrations,  the credit profile of the Qualified Loans,  delinquency  trends
and historical  charge-off and recovery  activity.  No reserve has been made for
Farmer Mac I Securities  issued prior to the 1996 Act or securities issued under
the Farmer Mac II Program ("Farmer Mac II Securities").  Farmer Mac I Securities
issued  prior  to the  1996  Act  are  supported  by  unguaranteed  subordinated
interests,  which are expected to exceed the  estimated  credit  losses on those
securities.  Guaranteed  Portions  collateralizing  Farmer Mac II Securities are
guaranteed by the USDA.

(j)   Earnings Per Share

The following  schedule  reconciles basic and diluted earnings per share for the
years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999.  Basic earnings per share is based
on the weighted average common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is
based on the weighted  average number of common shares  outstanding  adjusted to
include all potentially dilutive common stock.

  <TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   2001                             2000                           1999
                      -------------------------------  ------------------------------  -------------------------------
                                 Dilutive                         Dilutive                        Dilutive
                        Basic     stock     Diluted     Basic      stock     Diluted    Basic      stock      Diluted
                         EPS     options      EPS        EPS      options      EPS       EPS      options       EPS
                      -------------------------------  ------------------------------  -------------------------------
                                                  (in thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                   <C>        <C>      <C>         <C>         <C>      <C>         <C>        <C>       <C>
 Net income            $16,280    $  -     $16,280     $10,437     $  -     $10,437     $ 6,921    $  -      $ 6,921
 Weighted-average       11,329     440      11,769      11,064      293      11,357      10,839     397       11,236
   shares
 Earnings per share     $ 1.44              $ 1.38      $ 0.94               $ 0.92      $ 0.64               $ 0.62

</TABLE>

(k)   Income Taxes

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized  based on the expected future
tax effect of existing  differences  between  the  financial  reporting  and tax
reporting  bases of assets and  liabilities  using enacted  statutory tax rates.
Income tax expense is equal to the income taxes payable in the current year plus
the net change in the deferred tax asset or liability balance.

(l)   Comprehensive Income

Comprehensive  income,  which is presented  in the  Consolidated  Statements  of
Changes in Stockholders' Equity,  represents all changes in stockholders' equity
except those resulting from investments by or distributions to stockholders, and
is   comprised   of   net   income,   unrealized   gain/(loss)   on   securities
available-for-sale  and the cumulative effect of the mark-to-market of financial
derivatives classified as cash flow hedges pursuant to SFAS 133.

(m)   New Accounting Standards

As amended,  SFAS 133 became  effective as of January 1, 2001. SFAS 133 requires
financial  derivatives  to be measured and  recorded at fair value.  Pursuant to
generally  accepted  accounting  practices prior to SFAS 133,  derivatives  were
generally  accounted  for  as  off-balance  sheet  items  and  disclosed  in the
consolidated financial statement footnotes.

The  cumulative  effect of this change in  accounting  principles  recognized on
January  1, 2001 was a  reduction  to net  income  of  $726,000  and a  negative
adjustment to other  comprehensive  income within  stockholders'  equity of $8.6
million.  The  Corporation  expects that SFAS 133 will  increase  volatility  in
earnings and accumulated other comprehensive income.

In September  2000, the Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board issued SFAS 140.
SFAS 140 was applied as of April 1, 2001 as required by the  standard.  SFAS 140
does not materially affect the Corporation's  results of operations or financial
position, but does result in the Corporation classifying as loans certain Farmer
Mac Guaranteed  Securities ("AMBS") that prior to the implementation of SFAS 140
would have been classified as securities.

(n)   Reclassifications

Certain  reclassifications of prior year information were made to conform to the
2001 presentation.

3. INVESTMENT SECURITIES

The amortized  cost and estimated  fair values of investments as of December 31,
2001 and 2000 were as follows.  Fair value was estimated  based on quoted market
prices.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                  2001                                               2000
                          ------------------------------------------------------   ------------------------------------------------
                              Amortized   Unrealized   Unrealized                    Amortized  Unrealized   Unrealized
                                Cost        Gain          Loss       Fair Value        Cost         Gain        Loss     Fair Value
                          -------------- ------------ ------------ -------------   ------------ ----------- ------------ -----------
                                                                          (in thousands)
<S>                        <C>            <C>        <C>          <C>              <C>           <C>        <C>         <C>
 Held-to-maturity:
   Cash investment in
    guaranteed investment
    contract                  $ 10,602         $ -      $ (263)       $ 10,339       $ 57,937     $ 1,209       $ (26)    $ 59,120
                          ------------- ----------- ----------- ----------------   ------------ ----------- ------------  ----------
    Total held-to-maturity      10,602           -        (263)         10,339         57,937       1,209         (26)      59,120

 Available-for-sale:
   Asset-backed
    securities                  17,970           9           -          17,979         84,680          56           -       84,736
   Corporate debt
    securities                 438,333         971           -         439,304        247,967          40           -      248,007
   Certificates of deposit           -           -           -               -         35,992          14           -       36,006
   Preferred Stock             166,581         637           -         167,218              -           -           -            -
   Mortgage-backed
    securities                 337,622           -        (945)        336,677        413,599           -      (3,528)     410,071
                          ------------- ----------- ----------- ----------------   ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------
    Total available-for-sale   960,506       1,617        (945)        961,178        782,238         110      (3,528)     778,820

 Trading:
   Mortgage-backed
   securities                   35,575         599           -          36,174              -           -           -            -
                          ------------- ----------- ----------- ----------------   ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------
    Total trading               35,575         599           -          36,174              -           -           -            -

    Total                   $1,006,683     $ 2,216    $ (1,208)    $ 1,007,691      $ 840,175     $ 1,319    $ (3,554)   $ 837,940
                          ------------- ----------- ----------- ----------------   ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------

</TABLE>

The amortized cost, fair value and yield of investments by remaining contractual
maturity as of December 31, 2001 are set forth below. Asset- and mortgage-backed
securities  are included  based on their final  maturities,  although the actual
maturities may differ due to prepayments of the underlying  assets or mortgages.
As part of the  implementation  of SFAS 133,  Farmer  Mac  reclassified  certain
investments from held-to-maturity and  available-for-sale  securities to trading
securities.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                 Available-for-Sale                      Trading                          Total
                        --------------------------------- --------------------------------- ---------------------------------
                         Amortized                         Amortized                         Amortized
                           Cost     Fair Value   Yield       Cost      Fair Value   Yield       Cost     Fair Value   Yield
                        ---------- ----------- ---------- ----------- ------------- -------  ---------- ------------ --------
                                                                  (dollars in thousands)
<S>                     <C>        <C>         <C>       <C>           <C>          <C>     <C>        <C>           <C>
 Due within one year     $105,021   $105,044    2.44%         $ -          $ -         -     $ 105,021   $ 105,044    2.44%
 Due after one year
   through five years     345,851    346,108    3.08%           -            -         -       345,851     346,108    3.08%
 Due after five years
   through ten years      168,427    169,068    8.08%           -            -         -       168,427     185,769    8.08%
 Due after ten years      341,207    340,958    2.39%       35,576        36,174     6.38%     376,783     377,131    2.77%
                        ---------------------- ---------- ----------- ------------- ------- ----------- ------------ --------
   Total                 $960,506   $961,178    3.64%     $ 35,576      $ 36,174     6.38%   $ 996,082  $1,014,052    3.74%
                        ---------------------- ---------- ----------- ------------- ------- ----------- ------------ --------

</TABLE>


4. FARMER MAC GUARANTEED SECURITIES

As of December 31, 2001 and 2000, Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities included the
following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                           As of December 31,
                       ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           2001                                    2000
                       -----------------------------------------    ------------------------------------
                                         Premiums,                               Premiums,
                                         Discounts                               Discounts
                                         and Other                               and Other
                         Principal       Deferred     Amortized      Principal    Deferred   Amortized
                          Balance          Costs         Cost         Balance      Costs        Cost
                       -------------    -----------  -----------    ------------ ---------- ------------
                                                           (in thousands)
<S>                    <C>            <C>          <C>             <C>          <C>        <C>
 Farmer Mac I
   AMBS                 $ 1,065,897    $ (2,858)    $ 1,063,039     $ 1,093,898  $ (3,480)  $ 1,090,418
   Other                     73,018         (48)         72,970         109,278       490       109,768
 Farmer Mac II              516,746          59         516,805         427,502        45       427,547
                       -------------    -----------  -----------    ------------ ---------- ------------
   Total                $ 1,655,661    $ (2,847)    $ 1,652,814     $ 1,630,678  $ (2,945)  $ 1,627,733
                       -------------    -----------  -----------    ------------ ---------- ------------

</TABLE>


The following table sets forth the amortized costs,  unrealized gains and losses
and estimated fair values of the Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities as of December
31, 2001 and 2000.  The method used to estimate  fair value is described in Note
12.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                    As of December 31,
                  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     2001                                       2000
                  -----------------------------------------  --------------------------- -----------
                   Held-to-        Available-                   Held-to-     Available-
                   Maturity         for-Sale       Total        Maturity      for-Sale      Total
                  ------------  ------------- -------------  ------------  ------------- -----------
                                                    (in thousands)
<S>              <C>             <C>          <C>            <C>            <C>          <C>
 Amortized cost   $ 589,775       $1,063,039   $1,652,814     $ 537,315      $ 1,090,41   $1,627,733
 Unrealized gain     34,321           37,562       71,883        19,572          52,260       71,832
 Unrealized loss          -                -            -             -               -            -
                  ------------  ------------- -------------  ------------  ------------- -----------
Fair value        $ 624,096       $1,100,601   $1,724,697     $ 556,887      $ 1,142,67   $1,699,565
                  ------------  ------------- -------------  ------------  ------------- -----------

</TABLE>

Of the total Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities held by Farmer Mac as of December
31, 2001,  $1.5 billion are  fixed-rate or reprice after one year.  During 2001,
Farmer Mac sold $99.9 million of AMBS from its  available-for-sale  portfolio at
par.   During   2000,   Farmer  Mac  sold  $159.9   million  of  AMBS  from  its
available-for-sale portfolio at par.

Certain loans that were purchased and securitized after the adoption of SFAS 140
on April 1, 2001, but fail to meet the security accounting  requirements of SFAS
140, are  classified  as loans on the  accompanying  2001  Consolidated  Balance
Sheet.

5. FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES

A  financial  derivative  is  a  financial  instrument  that  has  one  or  more
underlyings and one or more notional  amounts,  requires no significant  initial
net  investment,  and has terms that require net  settlement.  Farmer Mac enters
into derivative instruments as an end-user, not for speculative purposes. Farmer
Mac enters into interest-rate contracts, including interest-rate swaps and caps,
to adjust the  characteristics  of Farmer  Mac's debt to match more  closely the
characteristics  of the  Corporation's  assets  and to derive an  overall  lower
effective  fixed-rate cost of borrowing than would otherwise be available to the
Corporation   in  the   conventional   debt  market.   Farmer  Mac  enters  into
interest-rate  swaps,  forward sale  contracts  of GSE debt and  mortgage-backed
securities  and U.S.  Treasury based futures  contracts to manage  interest-rate
risk exposure related to loan purchases and anticipated debt issuances.

Interest-Rate Contracts and Hedge Instruments

Farmer  Mac uses  interest-rate  swaps  and caps to  reduce  interest-rate  risk
related  to  specific  assets   (asset-linked)  or  liabilities   (debt-linked).
Interest-rate  swaps are  contractual  agreements  between two  entities for the
exchange of periodic  payments based on a notional amount and agreed-upon  fixed
and variable rates. Interest-rate swaps are entered into in conjunction with the
purchase  of  Qualified  Loans  and  investments  or the  issuance  of  debt  to
synthetically create LIBOR-based  variable rate instruments.  Interest-rate caps
are agreements in which one entity makes a one-time, up-front premium payment to
another party in exchange for the right to receive  payments based on a notional
amount and the amount,  if any, by which the agreed-upon  index rate exceeds the
specified "cap" rate.  Interest-rate  caps are purchased to effectively  "uncap"
certain variable-rate investments or loans.

Although  interest-rate  contracts reduce Farmer Mac's exposure to interest-rate
risk,  they may  increase  credit  risk  exposure.  Credit  risk arises from the
possibility that a counterparty  will not perform  according to the terms of the
contract.  Farmer Mac mitigates credit risk by dealing with  counterparties with
high credit  ratings (no less than BBB+ as of December 31,  2001),  establishing
and maintaining  collateral  requirements and entering into netting  agreements.
Netting  agreements provide for netting all amounts receivable and payable under
all  transactions  between Farmer Mac and a single  counterparty  covered by the
netting agreement. Farmer Mac's exposure to credit risk related to interest-rate
contracts  is  based  on the  cost  to  replace  all  outstanding  interest-rate
contracts for each counterparty with which Farmer Mac was in a net gain position
("net replacement  value"),  including the effect of netting  agreements.  As of
December  31,  2001 and  2000,  the net  replacement  values  of  interest  rate
contracts were $266,000 and $200,000,  respectively. As of December 31, 2001 and
2000, none of the net replacement value exposure was collateralized.

Farmer  Mac  uses  hedge  instruments,  currently  consisting  of  forward  sale
contracts  involving  GSE  debt  and  mortgage-backed   securities  and  futures
contracts involving U.S. Treasury  securities,  to reduce its interest-rate risk
exposure related to the purchase of loans and the anticipated  issuance of debt.
There were $1.5  million of open  futures  contracts  as of December  31,  2001,
compared to no open futures  contracts as of December 31, 2000. The  outstanding
balance  of  forward  sale  contracts  involving  GSE debt  and  mortgage-backed
securities  totaled  $51.7  million and $8.6 million as of December 31, 2001 and
2000, respectively.

Accounting for Derivatives in 2001

As amended,  SFAS 133 became  effective as of January 1, 2001. SFAS 133 requires
financial  derivatives to be measured and recorded at fair value. The cumulative
effect of this change in accounting principles recognized on January 1, 2001 was
a  reduction  to net  income of  $726,000  and a  negative  adjustment  to other
comprehensive   income  within   stockholders'   equity  of  $8.6  million.  The
Corporation  expects  that SFAS 133 will  increase  volatility  in earnings  and
accumulated other comprehensive income.

Interest-rate  swaps used to hedge corporate debt investments,  and forward sale
contracts  used to  hedge  Farmer  Mac's  loan  portfolio,  are  classified  and
accounted  for as fair  value  hedges.  Interest-rate  swaps  and  forward  sale
contracts used to hedge  anticipated debt issuances are classified and accounted
for as cash flow  hedges.  Other  financial  derivatives,  such as  futures  and
interest-rate  caps, are not assigned an accounting  hedge  designation.  Farmer
Mac's  financial  derivatives  are carried at their fair values.  For fair value
hedges,  the  changes  in the fair  values of the  derivatives,  along  with the
changes in fair values of the hedged items,  are recorded in earnings.  For cash
flow hedges,  the changes in the fair values of the  derivatives are recorded in
other  comprehensive  income  and  any  hedge  ineffectiveness  is  recorded  in
earnings.   For  financial   derivatives   not  assigned  an  accounting   hedge
designation, the changes in fair value are recorded in earnings.

Net after-tax  charges against  earnings under SFAS 133 during 2001 totaled $1.2
million,  and the net after-tax decrease to other  comprehensive  income totaled
$15.5 million.  Substantially  all of this amount  represents the estimated fair
values of settled  forward sale contracts and the estimated  future net interest
payments on interest-rate swap contracts,  assuming no change in interest rates.
Farmer Mac  estimates  that $1.5  million of the  December  31, 2001  balance of
accumulated other  comprehensive  income will be reclassified into earnings over
the  next  twelve  months.  The  Corporation  entered  into  interest-rate  swap
contracts  to hedge  anticipated  debt  issuances  and derive a lower  effective
fixed-rate  cost of borrowing for periods of up to 15 years than would otherwise
have been available to the Corporation in the conventional debt market.  For the
year ended December 31, 2001, the  ineffectiveness of designated hedges included
in Farmer Mac's net income was immaterial.

Accounting for Derivatives in 2000 and 1999

Prior  to  the  implementation  of  SFAS  133  on  January  1,  2001,  financial
derivatives  were  generally  accounted  for  as  off-balance  sheet  items  and
disclosed  in  the  consolidated   financial   statement   footnotes.   The  net
differential  received  or paid on  interest-rate  contracts  was  accrued as an
adjustment  to  interest   income  or  expense  of  the  associated   assets  or
liabilities.

Forward sale  contracts  involving GSE debt and  mortgage-backed  securities and
futures  contracts  involving U.S.  Treasury  securities  were monitored for the
change in value of the hedge  instrument  and the  change in value of the hedged
item. When these changes met certain specified  criteria,  the hedge instruments
qualified  for hedge  accounting.  Under hedge  accounting,  gains and losses on
terminated  or matured hedge  instruments  were deferred as an adjustment to the
cost  basis of the hedged  item and  amortized  to  interest  expense  using the
effective  interest method.  When the criteria were not met, gains and losses on
hedge instruments were recognized directly to income.

6. NOTES PAYABLE

Farmer Mac  borrowings are comprised of discount  notes and  medium-term  notes,
both of which are unsecured  general  obligations of the  Corporation.  Discount
notes generally have maturities of less than one year, whereas medium-term notes
have maturities of one to 15 years.  The following table sets forth  information
related to Farmer Mac's borrowings for 2001 and 2000.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          2001                                                          2000
                    -------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------------------------
                     Outstanding as of    Average Outstanding   Maximum       Outstanding as of   Average Outstanding    Maximum
                     December 31, 2001      During Year      Outstanding at   December 31, 2000       During Year      Outstanding
                    ------------------- --------------------    at Any       ------------------  --------------------    at  Any
                     Amount      Rate     Amount      Rate     Month End       Amount     Rate     Amount      Rate     Month End
                    ---------   ------- ---------- --------- --------------  ----------- ------  ---------- --------- -------------
                                                                    (dollars in thousands)
<S>                <C>          <C>     <C>         <C>      <C>             <C>         <C>    <C>          <C>      <C>
 Due within one
  year:
  Discount notes    $2,197,427   2.80%   $2,175,087  4.39%    $2,240,965      $2,013,508  6.37%  $1,945,276   6.47%    $2,205,885
  Current portion
   of medium-
   term notes           35,840   6.07%                                           128,040  5.93%
                    ----------- -------                                      ------------ ------
                     2,233,267   2.85%                                         2,141,548  6.34%

 Due after one
  year:
  Medium-term
   notes due in:
   2002                    -       -                                              98,062  2.37%
   2003                 83,326   5.70%                                           109,517  5.71%
   2004                121,309   5.40%                                            44,511  6.63%
   2005                148,469   6.62%                                           143,213  6.58%
   2006                119,138   5.82%                                            37,066  6.96%
   2007                 12,700   7.41%                                            12,723  7.40%
   Thereafter          483,521   6.20%                                           382,543  6.44%
                    ----------- -------                                      ------------ ------
                       968,463   6.09%                                           827,635  5.92%
                    ----------- -------                                      ------------ ------
   Total            $3,201,730   3.83%                                        $2,969,183  5.96%
                    ----------- -------                                      -------------------


</TABLE>





A portion of Farmer Mac's  medium-term  notes is callable.  Callable  notes give
Farmer Mac the option to redeem the notes at par value on a specified  call date
or at any time on or after a specified call date. The following table summarizes
the  maturities,  amounts  and costs  for  callable  notes by call  period as of
December 31, 2001.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                 -----------------------------------------
                   Maturity       Amount          Rate
                 ------------ --------------  ------------
                          (dollars in thousands)
<S>             <C>            <C>              <C>
 Callable in:
   2002          2004-2016      $ 49,236         6.08%
   2003          2004-2006        37,700         5.74%
   2004            2011            3,400         5.80%

                            --------------  ------------
                                $ 90,336         5.93%
                            --------------  ------------


</TABLE>

The  following  schedule   summarizes  the  earliest  repricing  date  of  total
borrowings   outstanding  as  of  December  31,  2001,  including  callable  and
non-callable  medium-term  notes,  assuming  callable  notes are redeemed at the
initial call date.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                        Earliest Repricing Date of
                          Borrowings Outstanding
                        ----------------------------
                           Amount           Rate
                        --------------   -----------
                           (dollars in thousands)
<S>                     <C>                <C>
 Debt repricing in:
  2002                   $2,282,503         2.93%
  2003                      121,026         5.71%
  2004                      100,887         5.56%
  2005                      143,469         6.63%
  2006                       81,438         5.81%
  2007                        2,700         8.07%
  Thereafter                469,707         6.17%
                        --------------   -----------
      Total              $3,201,730         3.84%
                        --------------   -----------


</TABLE>

During  2001 and 2000,  Farmer Mac called  $57.7  million  and $40.1  million of
callable medium-term notes, respectively.

Authority to Borrow from the Treasury of the United States

Farmer  Mac's  statutory  charter  authorizes  Farmer Mac to borrow,  in extreme
circumstances,  up to $1.5  billion  from  the  Secretary  of the  Treasury,  if
necessary,  to fulfill its obligations under any guarantee.  The debt would bear
interest at a rate determined by the Secretary of the Treasury based on the then
current cost of funds to the United States.  The charter requires the debt to be
repaid  within a reasonable  time.  As of December 31, 2001,  Farmer Mac had not
utilized this borrowing authority.

7. RESERVE FOR LOSSES

Farmer Mac  maintains a reserve to cover  potential  losses on loans,  including
those  underlying  Farmer Mac I Securities and LTSPCs issued since  enactment of
the 1996 Act. No loss  reserve  has been  provided  for Farmer Mac I  Securities
issued  prior to the 1996 Act or for  Farmer Mac II  Securities.  See Note 2(e),
Note  2(i)  and  Note  11 for  more  information  about  Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed
Securities. The reserve for losses covers interest due on loans that are 90 days
or  more  delinquent  and,  in  cases  in  which  the  loan  is  not  adequately
collateralized,  the  undercollateralized  principal balance. The following is a
summary of the changes in the  reserve  for losses for the years ended  December
31, 2001, 2000 and 1999:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                2001       2000       1999
                             ---------  ---------  ---------
                                    (in thousands)
<S>                          <C>       <C>        <C>
 Balance, beginning of year   11,323    $ 6,584    $ 3,259
 Provision for losses          6,725      4,739      3,672
 Net charge-offs              (2,164)        -        (347)
                             ---------  ---------  ---------
 Balance, end of year        $15,884    $11,323    $ 6,584
                             ---------  ---------  ---------



</TABLE>

A portion of the reserve for losses is specifically  allocated to impaired loans
when the fair value of the collateral,  less the estimated selling cost, is less
than the cost basis in the loan.  The  balance of impaired  loans,  both on- and
off-balance  sheet,  and the related  reserve amount  specifically  allocated to
those  impaired  loans as of December  31, 2001 and 2000 are  summarized  in the
following table:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                             2001                                 2000
                           -------------------------------------- -------------------------------------
                             Balance      Reserve    Net Balance    Balance     Reserve    Net Balance
                           -----------  ---------- -------------- ----------- ---------- --------------
                                                            (in thousands)
<S>                        <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>           <C>        <C>
 Impaired loans with:
   Specific reserve         $ 11,174     $ (3,450)    $ 7,724      $ 2,710      $ (373)      $ 2,337
   No specific reserve        47,105            -      47,105       25,677           -        25,677
                           ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ -----------  -----------
    Total                   $ 58,279     $ (3,450)   $ 54,829     $ 28,387      $ (373)     $ 28,014
                           ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ -----------  -----------

</TABLE>
During  2001,  Farmer  Mac  purchased  12  defaulted  Qualified  Loans  having a
principal  balance of $8.3 million from pools  underlying  Farmer Mac Guaranteed
Securities held by third parties.  During 2000, Farmer Mac made 2 such purchases
for a total of $2.6 million.  Farmer Mac recognized  interest income on impaired
loans of approximately $1.7 million and $853,000 during the years ended December
31, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

8. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Common Stock

Farmer Mac has three classes of common stock outstanding.  Class A Voting Common
Stock  may be held  only by  banks,  insurance  companies  and  other  financial
institutions  or similar  entities that are not  institutions of the Farm Credit
System.  By statute,  no holder of Class A Voting  Common  Stock may directly or
indirectly  be a  beneficial  owner of more than 33 percent  of the  outstanding
shares of Class A Voting Common  Stock.  Class B Voting Common Stock may be held
only by institutions of the Farm Credit System. There are no restrictions on the
maximum  holdings  of  Class B  Voting  Common  Stock.  There  are no  ownership
restrictions on the Class C Non-Voting Common Stock.

Dividends  have not been paid to any  common  stockholders  nor does  Farmer Mac
expect to pay  dividends in the  foreseeable  future.  Farmer  Mac's  ability to
declare  and pay a  dividend  could be  restricted  if it failed to comply  with
regulatory capital requirements.

Stock Option Plan

In 1992 and 1996,  Farmer Mac adopted stock option plans for officers to acquire
shares of Class C Non-Voting  Common Stock.  Under the 1992 plan,  stock options
granted were  exercisable  immediately,  and, if not  exercised,  will expire 10
years from the date of grant. The exercise price of options under the 1992 plan,
which were granted in 1992 and 1993, is $2.19 per share.  The maximum  number of
options that could be issued  under the 1992 plan was 345,000,  315,000 of which
were issued,  net of  cancellations.  Under the 1996 plan, stock options awarded
under  the  plan  vested  in  thirds  over a  three-year  period  with  the last
installment  having vested in June 1998; if not exercised,  any options  granted
under the 1996 plan will  expire 10 years from the date of grant.  The  exercise
price of options  granted  under the 1996 plan,  which were  issued in 1996,  is
$2.625.  The maximum  number of options that could be issued under the 1996 plan
was 338,490,  all of which were issued.  In 1997, Farmer Mac adopted a new stock
option plan for all  employees and  directors,  the terms of which are generally
the same as for the 1996 plan,  except that options  issued to  directors  since
June 1, 1998, if not  exercised,  will expire five years from the date of grant.
Of the 3,750,000 shares  authorized to be issued under the 1997 plan,  1,425,869
have  been  issued,  net of  cancellations.  Options  granted  during  2001 have
exercise  prices  ranging  from $26.20 to $34.91 per share.  As of December  31,
2001,  1,110,255  options were  outstanding  under the 1997 plan.  For all stock
options granted under all three of the  Corporation's  plans, the exercise price
was equal to the fair  market  value of the  Class C Stock  on,  or  immediately
preceding, the grant date.

The following table summarizes stock option activity for 2001 and 2000:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                 2001                        2000
                                     ----------------------------   ---------------------------
                                                       Weighted-                    Weighted-
                                                        Average                      Average
                                                       Exercise                     Exercise
                                         Shares         Price         Shares          Price
                                     -------------  -------------   ------------  -------------
<S>                                   <C>             <C>           <C>            <C>
 Outstanding, beginning of year        1,529,800       $ 13.39       1,354,975      $ 11.81
 Granted                                 278,411         31.17         472,071        15.33
 Exercised                              (382,588)        10.60        (196,991)        3.88
 Canceled                                (33,740)        17.77        (100,255)       19.86
                                     -------------  ------------    ------------  ------------
 Outstanding, end of year              1,391,883       $ 17.61        1,529,800     $ 13.39
                                     -------------  ------------    ------------- ------------

 Options exercisable at year end       1,079,052                      1,110,484
                                     -------------                  -------------

</TABLE>

The following table summarizes  information  regarding options outstanding as of
December 31, 2001:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                    Options
                       Options Outstanding        Exercisable
                  ------------------------------ --------------
                                    Weighted-
                                     Average
                                    Remaining
      Exercise      Number of      Contractual     Number of
        Price         Shares          Life          Shares
    ------------- -------------- --------------- --------------

<S>  <C>         <C>                <C>          <C>
      $ 2.19         90,000          1.5 years       90,000
        2.63        165,087          4.4 years      165,087
       11.83         72,312          5.4 years       72,312
       12.67          1,200          6.7 years        1,200
       12.92          4,050          5.6 years        4,050
       15.13        340,881          8.4 years      227,254
       16.38         27,008          8.7 years       18,005
       18.13          5,000          8.8 years        3,333
       18.25          3,300          5.8 years        3,300
       19.38         20,213          7.7 years       20,213
       20.00        143,886          6.4 years      143,886
       21.19          3,000          8.9 years        1,500
       22.08        237,495          7.4 years      237,495
       22.38          2,000          8.9 years        1,000
       22.94          1,500          7.6 years        1,500
       26.20          2,000          9.1 years            -
       26.92            500          9.3 years            -
       27.75          3,000          9.0 years            -
       31.02          4,627          9.4 years        1,542
       31.20          8,750          9.7 years        2,917
       31.24        253,374          9.4 years       84,458
       31.50          1,500          9.4 years            -
       34.90          1,000          9.7 years            -
       34.91            200          9.7 years            -

              --------------                    --------------
                  1,391,883                       1,079,052
              --------------                    --------------


</TABLE>
Farmer Mac uses the  intrinsic  value method of  accounting  for employee  stock
options pursuant to Accounting  Principles Board Opinion No. 25,  Accounting for
Stock Issued to  Employees,  and has adopted the  disclosure-only  provisions of
Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation.  Accordingly, no compensation expense was recognized in 2001, 2000
and 1999 for employee stock option plans. Had Farmer Mac elected to use the fair
value method of accounting for employee  stock options,  net income and earnings
per share for the years ended  December 31, 2001,  2000 and 1999 would have been
reduced to the pro forma amounts indicated in the following table:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                     2001                        2000                      1999
                          ------------------------    -------------------------- ------------------------
                           As Reported   Pro Forma     As Reported   Pro Forma    As Reported  Pro Forma
                          ------------- -----------   ------------- ------------ ----------- ------------
                                               (in thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                        <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>            <C>          <C>
 Net income                 $16,280      $14,195       $10,437      $ 8,570        $ 6,921      $ 4,132

 Earnings per share:
  Basic net earnings         $ 1.44       $ 1.25        $ 0.94       $ 0.77         $ 0.64       $ 0.38
  Diluted net earnings       $ 1.38       $ 1.21        $ 0.92       $ 0.76         $ 0.62       $ 0.37

</TABLE>

The weighted  average fair values of options granted in 2001, 2000 and 1999 were
$11.61, $6.13 and $11.24, respectively. The fair values were estimated using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model based on the following assumptions:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                       2001         2000         1999
                                    -----------  ----------   -----------
<S>                                 <C>          <C>          <C>
 Risk-free interest rate               5.4%         6.3%         5.7%
 Expected years until exercise       5 years      5 years      5 years
 Expected stock volatility            47.1%        42.7%        48.1%
 Dividend yield                        0.0%         0.0%         0.0%

</TABLE>
Restricted Stock

In addition to stock options,  the  Corporation  may issue  restricted  stock to
employees.  Restricted  stock  entitles  participants  to all  the  rights  of a
stockholder, except that some of the shares awarded are subject to forfeiture if
the  participant  is not  employed  by Farmer Mac at the end of the  restriction
period and other shares are not subject to forfeiture but may not be disposed of
by the  participant  during the restriction  period.  The vesting or restriction
period is usually one to two years.  The value of  restricted  stock  granted to
employees is amortized over the vesting period. During 2001 and 2000, 28,602 and
49,374  shares of restricted  stock,  respectively,  were granted,  resulting in
compensation  expense of $1.2 million and $750,000 being  recognized  during the
respective years.

9. INCOME TAXES

The  components of the  provision  for federal  income taxes for the years ended
December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  2001           2000        1999
                               ------------   ----------  -----------
                                            (in thousands)
<S>                            <C>            <C>          <C>
 Current                        $ 10,669       $7,602       $4,860
 Deferred                         (2,250)      (1,853)      (1,190)
                               ------------   ----------  -----------
                                 $ 8,419       $5,749       $3,670
                               ------------   ----------  -----------


</TABLE>

A  reconciliation  of tax at the  statutory  federal  tax rate to the income tax
provision for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       2001        2000        1999
                                    ----------- ----------- ------------
                                              (in thousands)
<S>                                 <C>         <C>          <C>
 Tax expense at statutory rate       $ 8,899     $ 5,665      $ 3,601
 Effect of non-taxable
   dividend income                      (386)          -            -
 Other                                   (94)         84           69
                                    ----------- ----------- ------------

 Income tax expense                  $ 8,419     $ 5,749      $ 3,670
                                    ----------- ----------- ------------

 Statutory tax rate                    35.0%       35.0%        34.0%
 Effective tax rate                    33.1%       35.5%        34.7%

</TABLE>
Components  of the deferred tax assets and  liabilities  as of December 31, 2001
and 2000 were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                2001         2000
                                                             ------------ ------------
                                                                  (in thousands)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>
 Deferred tax asset:
   Reserve for losses on guaranteed securities                $ 5,639      $ 4,020
   Unrealized loss on financial derivatives
    designated as cash flow hedges                              8,532            -
   Other                                                          848          217
                                                             ------------ ------------
    Total deferred tax asset                                   15,019        4,237

 Deferred tax liability:
   Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities            13,153       17,329
                                                             ------------ ------------
    Total deferred tax liability                               13,153       17,329
                                                             ------------ ------------
 Net deferred tax asset/(liability)                           $ 1,866    $ (13,092)
                                                             ------------ ------------


</TABLE>

A valuation  allowance  is required to reduce the net  deferred  tax asset to an
amount that is more likely than not to be realized.  No valuation  allowance was
considered necessary as of December 31, 2001 and 2000.

10.   EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

On December 28, 1989, Farmer Mac adopted a defined contribution  retirement plan
for all of its employees.  Through 2001,  Farmer Mac contributed 13.2 percent of
the lesser of an individual's gross salary or $170,000,  plus 5.7 percent of the
difference  between (1) the lesser of the gross  salary or $170,000  and (2) the
Social  Security   Taxable  Wage  Base.  The  Economic  Growth  and  Tax  Relief
Reconciliation  Act of 2001  increased  the $170,000 to  $200,000,  adjusted for
inflation, beginning in 2002. Employees in service prior to December 7, 2000 are
fully vested in contributions  made to the plan after they have been employed by
Farmer Mac for two years. Employees beginning service after December 7, 2000 are
fully vested after they have been employed for three years.  Pension expense for
the years ended  December 31,  2001,  2000 and 1999 was  $376,000,  $327,000 and
$358,000, respectively.


11.  OFF-BALANCE  SHEET GUARANTEES,  COMMITMENTS,  CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK
     AND CONTINGENCIES

Farmer Mac is a party to  agreements  involving  off-balance  sheet risk.  These
agreements  include Farmer Mac  guarantees and  commitments to purchase and sell
loans.  Farmer Mac uses these  agreements  in the normal  course of  business to
fulfill its statutory purpose of increasing liquidity for agricultural and rural
residential mortgage lenders.

Farmer  Mac  Guarantees.  As of  December  31,  2001 and 2000,  the  balance  of
outstanding  guarantees,  excluding Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities held in the
Corporation's portfolio, was as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                          2001             2000
                                      -------------   --------------
                                             (in thousands)
<S>                                    <C>            <C>
 Farmer Mac I:
   Post-1996 Act guarantees:
    AMBS                                 $ 366,749      $ 542,697
    LTSPC                                1,884,260        862,804
                                      -------------   --------------
     Total Post-1996 Act guarantees      2,251,009      1,405,501
   Pre-1996 Act guarantees                     461          2,324
                                      -------------   --------------
     Total Farmer Mac I                  2,251,470      1,407,825
 Farmer Mac II Securities                    78,409        90,204
                                      -------------   --------------

     Total Farmer Mac I and II          $2,329,879     $1,498,029
                                      -------------   --------------

</TABLE>

AMBS  represent  guaranteed  securities  issued after the 1996 Act and for which
Farmer Mac  assumes  100  percent of the credit  risk.  An LTSPC is a  long-term
guarantee  arrangement (similar to a swap transaction) in which the recipient of
the standby  commitment  segregates  a pool of loans in its  portfolio  and pays
Farmer  Mac  an  annual  fee  approximating  the  usual  guarantee  fee  on  the
outstanding  balance of the loans, in return for Farmer Mac's  assumption of the
credit risk on those  loans.  The credit  risk  related to LTSPCs is the same as
that of a swap or AMBS.  Pre-1996 Act guarantees include securities issued prior
to the 1996 Act. These securities are supported by an unguaranteed  subordinated
interest  that was  equal to 10  percent  of the  initial  balance  of the loans
underlying the securities at issuance.  Farmer Mac's  guarantee on Farmer Mac II
Securities  is covered by the "full  faith and  credit" of the United  States by
virtue of the USDA  guarantee of the  principal  and interest on all  Guaranteed
Portions.  For more  information  about  Farmer  Mac's  credit  risk  related to
off-balance sheet guaranteed securities, see Note 2(i) and Note 7.

Commitments.  Farmer Mac enters into mandatory and optional delivery commitments
to purchase loans. Most loan purchase commitments entered into by Farmer Mac are
mandatory commitments, which means the Seller must pay a fee to extend or cancel
the  commitment.  All optional loan purchase  commitments are sold forward under
optional  loan sale  commitments  that allow  Farmer Mac to cancel the loan sale
commitment  without penalty should the Seller fail to deliver under the optional
loan  purchase  commitment.  As of December  31, 2001,  commitments  to purchase
Farmer Mac I and II loans  totaled  $21.1  million,  of which $4.7  million were
optional  commitments.  Outstanding loan purchase commitments as of December 31,
2000, totaled $13.5 million, of which $5.4 million were optional commitments.

Farmer Mac is exposed to interest-rate risk from the time it commits to purchase
a loan to the time it either:  (a) sells  AMBS  backed by the loan or (b) issues
debt to retain the loan in its portfolio. There were no commitments to sell AMBS
as of December 31, 2001 and $5.7 million was  committed as of December 31, 2000.
Farmer  Mac  manages  the  interest-rate  risk  related to loans not yet sold or
funded as a  retained  investment  through  the use of  forward  sale  contracts
involving  GSE  debt  and  mortgage-backed   securities  and  futures  contracts
involving  U.S.  Treasury  securities.  See  Note  5 for  information  regarding
financial derivatives.

Concentrations of Credit Risk

The following table sets forth the geographic and commodity diversification,  as
well as the range of loan-to-value  ratios, for all Farmer Mac I Qualified Loans
as of December 31, 2001 and 2000:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                  2001                                         2000
                               ------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------
                                   Post-1996      Pre-1996                     Post-1996       Pre-1996
                                      Act            Act                          Act             Act
                                  Guarantees     Guarantees      Total         Guarantees     Guarantees        Total
                               --------------- --------------- ----------    -------------- ----------------  ----------
                                                                    (in thousands)
<S>                              <C>             <C>          <C>             <C>             <C>           <C>
 By geographic region (1):
     Northwest                    $1,100,423      $ 10,973     $1,111,396       $ 827,456      $ 16,939       $ 844,395
     Southwest                     1,489,882        23,622      1,513,504       1,017,615        35,877       1,053,492
     Mid-North                       423,044         9,433        432,477         398,402        13,954         412,356
     Mid-South                       136,623         5,516        142,139         115,337        12,668         128,005
     Northeast                       196,267         2,862        199,129          89,583         4,005          93,588
     Southeast                       163,009         4,001        167,010          84,164        11,291          95,455
                               --------------- ------------- --------------   --------------- ------------- ------------

       Total                      $3,509,248      $ 56,407     $3,565,655      $2,532,557      $ 94,734      $2,627,291
                               --------------- ------------- --------------   --------------- ------------- ------------

 By commodity:
     Crops                        $1,615,529      $ 33,627     $1,649,156      $1,262,009      $ 58,743      $1,320,752
     Livestock                       672,364         6,779        679,143         466,226        12,809         479,035
     Permanent plantings           1,061,209        16,001      1,077,210         692,863        23,182         716,045
     Part-time farms                 160,146             -        160,146         111,459             -         111,459
                               --------------- ------------- --------------   --------------- ------------- ------------
       Total                      $3,509,248      $ 56,407     $3,565,655      $2,532,557      $ 94,734      $2,627,291
                               --------------- ------------- --------------   --------------- ------------- ------------

 By loan-to-value:
        0.00% to 40.00%            $ 899,226       $ 5,869      $ 905,095       $ 586,299      $ 11,518       $ 597,817
       40.01% to 50.00%              753,382         7,771        761,153         544,429        16,211         560,640
       50.01% to 60.00%              898,810        22,666        921,476         625,057        30,802         655,859
       60.01% to 70.00%              859,084        17,394        876,478         669,737        31,429         701,166
       70.01% to 80.00%               84,476         2,707         87,183          95,065         4,774          99,839
       80.01% to 90.00%               14,270                       14,270          11,970                        11,970
                              --------------- ------------- --------------    --------------- ------------- ------------
       Total                      $3,509,248      $ 56,407     $3,565,655      $2,532,557      $ 94,734      $2,627,291
                              --------------- ------------- --------------    --------------- ------------- ------------

(1)  Geographic regions:  Mid-North (IA, IL, IN, MI, MN, MO, WI); Mid-South (KS,
     OK, TX); Northeast (CT, DE, KY, MA, MD, ME, NC, NH, NJ, NY, OH, PA, RI, TN,
     VA, VT, WV); Northwest (ID, MT, ND, NE, OR, SD, WA, WY); Southeast (AL, AR,
     FL, GA, LA, MS, SC); Southwest (AZ, CA, CO, HI, NM, NV, UT).
</TABLE>
Loan-to-value  ratios are based on collateral values at origination of the loan.
Current   loan-to-value  ratios  may  be  higher  or  lower  than  the  original
loan-to-value ratios.

12.   FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURES

The following table sets forth the estimated fair values and the carrying values
for  financial  assets  and  liabilities  as of  December  31,  2001  and  2000.
Significant  estimates,  assumptions and present value calculations are used for
the  following  disclosure,  resulting in a high degree of  subjectivity  in the
indicated  fair  values.  Accordingly,  these  estimated  fair  values  are  not
necessarily  indicative  of what  Farmer Mac would  realize in an actual sale or
purchase.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                            2001                        2000
                                                 -------------------------    -------------------------
                                                  Estimated      Carrying      Estimated      Carrying
                                                  Fair Value      Amount       Fair Value      Amount
                                                 -----------   -----------    ------------   ----------
                                                                      (in thousands)
<S>                                              <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
 Financial assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents                     $ 437,831     $ 437,831     $ 537,871     $ 537,871
    Investment securities                         1,007,691     1,007,954       837,940       836,757
    Farmer Mac guaranteed securities              1,724,697     1,690,376     1,699,565     1,679,993
    Loans                                           204,496       201,812        30,555        30,279
    Financial derivatives                                15            15             -             -
    Off-balance sheet items in a gain position:
     Commitments to purchase loans                        -             -           388             -
     Interest-rate contracts                              -             -           554             -

 Financial liabilities:
    Notes and bonds payable:
     Due within one year                          2,234,240     2,233,267     2,204,846     2,141,548
     Due after one year                           1,020,989       968,463       797,983       827,635
     Financial derivatives                           20,762        20,762             -             -
    Off-balance sheet items in a loss position:
     Commitments to sell GSE debt securities              -             -           253             -
     Interest-rate contracts                              -             -        18,416             -


</TABLE>

The estimated fair values for Farmer Mac's financial  derivatives are calculated
by generating multiple paths for future interest rates. The estimated fair value
calculations  for  Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed  Securities,   loans,   interest-rate
contracts and notes payable use a Monte Carlo  simulation  model to forecast the
expected  interest  rates  for  each  respective  instrument.  These  forecasted
interest  rates are then  used to  discount  the  projected  cash  flows of each
instrument to derive the estimated  fair value.  For cash and cash  equivalents,
the carrying amount approximates fair value. For investment securities,  futures
contracts  and  commitments  to purchase  and sell GSE debt and  mortgage-backed
securities, fair value is based on quoted market prices.

13.   QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)

 <TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                  2001 Quarter Ended                           2000 Quarter Ended
                                   --------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------
                                     Dec 31    Sept 30     June 30     Mar 31      Dec 31     Sept 30    June 30     Mar 31
                                   --------- ---------- ----------- ------------ --------- ----------- ---------- ------------
                                                        (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                               <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>
 Interest income                   $ 39,253   $ 45,160    $ 46,369   $ 50,431    $ 52,567    $ 51,017   $ 46,944    $ 44,892
 Interest expense                    32,056     37,292      39,947     44,978      48,061      46,685     42,700      40,276
                                   --------- ---------- ----------- ------------ ---------  ---------- ---------- ------------
     Net interest income             7,197      7,868       6,422      5,453       4,506       4,332      4,244       4,616

 Guarantee fee income                4,534      4,177       3,669      3,428       3,368       2,972      2,755       2,582
 Gains/(Losses) on derivatives         317       (295)       (159)      (589)          -           -          -           -
 Miscellaneous                         140        137         116        166         149          78        (10)        182
                                   --------- ---------- ----------- ------------ ---------  ---------- ---------- ------------
 Total revenues                     12,188     11,887      10,048      8,458       8,023       7,382      6,989       7,380

 Expenses                            4,420      4,504       4,242      3,988       3,564       3,143      3,834       3,725
                                   --------- ---------- ----------- ------------ ---------  ---------- ---------- ------------

 Income before income taxes          7,768      7,383       5,806      4,470       4,459       4,239      3,155       3,655
 Income tax expense                  2,287      2,455       2,091      1,588       1,586       1,505      1,362       1,297
 Cumulative effect of change
  in accounting principles               -          -           -       (726)          -           -          -           -
                                   --------- ---------- ----------- ------------ ---------  ---------- ---------- ------------
 Net income                        $ 5,481    $ 4,928     $ 3,715    $ 2,156     $ 2,873     $ 2,734    $ 1,793     $ 2,358
                                   --------- ---------- ----------- ------------ ---------  ---------- ---------- ------------
 Earnings Per Share:
    Basic net earnings              $ 0.48     $ 0.43      $ 0.33     $ 0.19      $ 0.26      $ 0.25     $ 0.22      $ 0.22
    Diluted net earnings            $ 0.46     $ 0.41      $ 0.32     $ 0.18      $ 0.25      $ 0.24     $ 0.22      $ 0.21

 Earnings per share before
  cumulative effect of change
  in accounting principles:
    Basic net earnings              $ 0.48     $ 0.43      $ 0.33     $ 0.26      $ 0.26      $ 0.25     $ 0.22      $ 0.22
    Diluted net earnings            $ 0.46     $ 0.41      $ 0.32     $ 0.25      $ 0.25      $ 0.24     $ 0.22      $ 0.21

</TABLE>



Item 9.  Changes  in  and  Disagreements  With  Accountants  on  Accounting  and
         Financial Disclosure

      Not applicable.

<PAGE>



                                    PART III

Item 10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

     The  information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Corporation's Proxy Statement to be filed on or about April 19, 2002.

Item 11.   Executive Compensation

      The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Corporation's Proxy Statement to be filed on or about April 19, 2002.

Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

     The  information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Corporation's Proxy Statement to be filed on or about April 19, 2002.

Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

     The  information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Corporation's Proxy Statement to be filed on or about April 19, 2002.




<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

Item 14.     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K

     (a)    (1)   Financial Statements.

            Refer to Item 8 above.

            (2)   Financial Statement Schedules.

            All schedules are omitted since they are not applicable, not
   required or the information required to be set forth therein is included in
   the consolidated financial statements or in notes thereto.

(3)   Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-K.

      (a)   Exhibits.


*     3.1   -    Title VIII  of  the  Farm Credit Act  of 1971, as most recently
                 amended  by the Farm  Credit  System Reform  Act of  1996, P.L.
                 104-105 (Form 10-K filed March 29, 1996).

*     3.2   -    Amended  and  restated  Bylaws  of  the  Registrant (Form  10-Q
                 filed August 12, 1999).

+*    10.1  -    Stock  Option  Plan  (Previously  filed as Exhibit 19.1 to Form
                 10-Q filed November 10, 1992).

+*    10.1.1 -   Amendment No. 1  to  Stock  Option  Plan (Previously  filed  as
                 Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed August 16, 1993).

+*    10.1.2 -   1996  Stock  Option  Plan  (Form 10-Q filed November 10, 1996).


+*    10.1.3 -   Amended  and Restated  1997 Stock Option  Plan (Form 10-Q filed
                 August 14, 1997).

+*    10.2  -    Employment   Agreement  dated  May  5, 1989  between  Henry  D.
                 Edelman  and  the  Registrant (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.4
                 to Form 10-K filed February 14, 1990).
*     Incorporated by reference to the indicated prior filing.
**    Filed herewith.
+     Management contract or compensatory plan.
<PAGE>

+*    10.2.1 -   Amendment No. 1  dated  as  of  January 10, 1991  to Employment
                 Contract  between   Henry  D.  Edelman   and   the   Registrant
                 (Previously  filed  as Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-K filed April 1,
                 1991).

+*    10.2.2 -   Amendment to  Employment Contract dated as of September 1, 1993
                 between  Henry D. Edelman and  the Registrant (Previously filed
                 as Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q filed November 15, 1993).

+*    10.2.3 -   Amendment No. 3 dated as of June 1, 1994 to Employment Contract
                 between  Henry D. Edelman and  the Registrant (Previously filed
                 as Exhibit 10.6 to Form 10-Q filed August 15, 1994).


+*    10.2.4 -   Amendment  No. 4  dated  as  of  February 8, 1996 to Employment
                 Contract between Henry D. Edelman and the Registrant (Form 10-K
                 filed March 29, 1996).

+*    10.2.5 -   Amendment  No.  5 dated  as  of  June  13, 1996  to  Employment
                 Contract between Henry D. Edelman and the Registrant (Form 10-Q
                 filed August 14, 1996).

+*    10.2.6 -   Amendment  No.  6  dated  as  of  August 7,  1997 to Employment
                 Contract between Henry D. Edelman and the Registrant (Form 10-Q
                 filed November 14, 1997).

+*    10.2.7 -   Amendment  No.  7  dated  as  of  June  4,  1998  to Employment
                 Contract between Henry D. Edelman and the Registrant (Form 10-Q
                 filed August 14, 1998).

+*    10.2.8 -   Amendment  No.  8  dated  as  of  June 3,  1999  to  Employment
                 Contract between Henry D. Edelman and the Registrant (Form 10-Q
                 filed August 12, 1999).

+*    10.2.9 -   Amendment  No.  9  dated  as  of  June 1,  2000  to  Employment
                 Contract between Henry D. Edelman and the Registrant (Form 10-Q
                 filed August 14, 2000).

+*    10.2.10 -  Amendment  No.  10  dated  as  of  June 7,  2001  to Employment
                 Contract between Henry D. Edelman and the Registrant (Form 10-Q
                 filed August 14, 2001).

+*    10.3  -    Employment  Agreement  dated  May  11,  1989  between  Nancy E.
                 Corsiglia and the Registrant (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.5
                 to Form 10-K filed February 14, 1990).
*     Incorporated by reference to the indicated prior filing.
**    Filed herewith.
+     Management contract or compensatory plan.
<PAGE>

+*    10.3.1 -   Amendment  dated  December 14,  1989  to  Employment  Agreement
                 between Nancy E. Corsiglia and the Registrant (Previously filed
                 as Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-K filed February 14, 1990).


+*    10.3.2 -   Amendment No. 2 dated February 14, 1991 to Employment Agreement
                 between Nancy E. Corsiglia and the Registrant (Previously filed
                 as Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-K filed April 1, 1991).


+*    10.3.3 -   Amendment  to  Employment  Contract  dated  as  of June 1, 1993
                 between  Nancy  E.  Corsiglia  and  the  Registrant (Previously
                 filed  as  Exhibit  10.9 to Form 10-Q filed November 15, 1993).

+*    10.3.4 -   Amendment  No.  4  dated  June 1,  1993  to Employment Contract
                 between Nancy E. Corsiglia and the Registrant (Previously filed
                 as Exhibit 10.10 to Form 10-K filed March 30, 1994).


+*    10.3.5 -   Amendment  No.  5  dated  as  of  June 1,  1994  to  Employment
                 Contract   between  Nancy  E.  Corsiglia   and  the  Registrant
                 (Previously  filed  as  Exhibit 10.12 to Form 10-Q filed August
                 15, 1994).


+*    10.3.6 -   Amendment  No.  6  dated  as  of   June 1, 1995  to  Employment
                 Contract  between  Nancy  E. Corsiglia and the Registrant (Form
                 10-Q filed August 14, 1995).

+*    10.3.7 -   Amendment No. 7 dated as of February 8, 1996 to Employment
                 Contract  between  Nancy E. Corsiglia and  the Registrant (Form
                 10-K filed March 29, 1996).

+*    10.3.8 -   Amendment  No. 8  dated  as  of  June  13, 1996  to  Employment
                 Contract between Nancy E. Corsiglia and the Registrant (Form
                 10-Q filed August 14, 1996).

+*    10.3.9 -   Amendment  No.  9 dated  as  of  August 7,  1997  to Employment
                 Contract  between Nancy E. Corsiglia  and  the Registrant (Form
                 10-Q filed November 14, 1997).

+*    10.3.10-   Amendment  No.  10  dated  as  of  June 4,  1998  to Employment
                 Contract  between  Nancy E. Corsiglia  and the Registrant (Form
                 10-Q filed August 14, 1998).

*     Incorporated by reference to the indicated prior filing.
**    Filed herewith.
+     Management contract or compensatory plan.
<PAGE>
+*    10.3.11-   Amendment  No.  11  dated  as  of  June 3,  1999  to Employment
                 Contract  between  Nancy  E. Corsiglia and the Registrant (Form
                 10-Q filed August 12, 1999).

+*    10.3.12-   Amendment  No. 12  dated  as  of  June  1, 2000  to  Employment
                 Contract  between  Nancy E. Corsiglia  and the Registrant (Form
                 10-Q filed August 14, 2000).

+*    10.3.13-   Amendment  No. 13  dated  as  of  June 7,  2001  to  Employment
                 Contract  between  Nancy E.  Corsiglia and the Registrant (Form
                 10-Q filed August 14, 2001).

+*    10.4  -    Employment  Contract  dated  as  of  September 1, 1997  between
                 Tom  D. Stenson  and   the  Registrant  (Previously   filed  as
                 Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-Q filed November 14, 1997).

+*    10.4.1 -   Amendment  No. 1  dated   as  of  June 4,  1998  to  Employment
                 Contract between Tom D. Stenson and  the Registrant (Previously
                 filed as Exhibit 10.8.1 to Form 10-Q filed August 14, 1998).

+*    10.4.2 -   Amendment  No.  2  dated  as  of  June 3,  1999  to  Employment
                 Contract between Tom D. Stenson and the  Registrant (Previously
                 filed as Exhibit 10.5.2 to Form 10-Q filed August 12, 1999).

+*    10.4.3 -   Amendment  No.  3  dated  as  of  June 1,  2000  to  Employment
                 Contract between Tom D. Stenson and the Registrant (Previously
                 filed as Exhibit 10.5.3 to Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2000).

+*    10.4.4 -   Amendment  No. 4   dated   as  of  June 7,  2001  to Employment
                 Contract between Tom D. Stenson  and the Registrant (Previously
                 filed as Exhibit 10.5.4 to Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2001).

+*    10.5  -    Employment  Agreement  dated   February 1, 2000  between Jerome
                 G. Oslick and  the Registrant (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.6
                 to Form 10-Q filed May 11, 2000).

+*    10.5.1 -   Amendment   No. 1  dated  as   of  June 1, 2000  to  Employment
                 Contract   between  Jerome  G.  Oslick   and   the   Registrant
                 (Previously  filed as Exhibit 10.6.1 to Form  10-Q filed August
                 14, 2000).

+*    10.5.2 -   Amendment  No.  2  dated  as  of  June  7,  2001 to  Employment
                 Contract   between   Jerome   G.  Oslick   and  the  Registrant
                 (Previously  filed as  Exhibit 10.6.2 to Form 10-Q filed August
                 14, 2001).

*     Incorporated by reference to the indicated prior filing.
**    Filed herewith.
+     Management contract or compensatory plan.
<PAGE>

**    10.10 -    Lease  Agreement dated June 28, 2001 between EOP-Two Lafayette,
                 L.L.C. and the Registrant.

      21    -    Farmer   Mac   Mortgage   Securities  Corporation,  a  Delaware
                 corporation.

*     99.1  -    Map   of   U. S.   Department  of  Agriculture   (Secretary  of
                 Agriculture's)  Regions  (Previously  filed  as  Exhibit 1.1 to
                 Form 10-K filed April 1, 1991).

**    99.2  -    Letter  from  the  Registrant to the Commission dated March 27,
                 2002  confirming  the  receipt  of representations  from Arthur
                 Andersen  LLP  regarding its audit report for the period ending
                 December 31, 2001.


(b)         Reports on Form 8-K.

          On October 19, 2001,  the  Registrant  filed a report on Form 8-K that
     attached a press release announcing the Registrant's  financial results for
     third quarter 2001.






*     Incorporated by reference to the indicated prior filing.
**    Filed herewith.
+     Management contract or compensatory plan.




<PAGE>




                                   SIGNATURES

      Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION


     /s/ Henry D. Edelman                              March 15, 2002
----------------------------------------   -------------------------------------
By:   Henry D. Edelman                                      Date
      President and
      Chief Executive Officer

      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

             Name                             Title                   Date

/s/ Charles Eugene Branstool      Chairman of the Board and      March 15, 2002
--------------------------------   Director
Charles Eugene Branstool

    /s/ Henry D. Edelman          President and Chief Executive  March 15, 2002
--------------------------------  Officer (Principal Executive
Henry D. Edelman                  Officer)

    /s/ Nancy E. Corsiglia        Vice President - Finance,      March 15, 2002
--------------------------------  Chief Financial Officer
Nancy E. Corsiglia                and Treasurer
                                  (Principal Financial and
                                  Accounting Officer)



<PAGE>





                 Name                               Title               Date

   /s/ Dennis L. Brack                           Director         March 15, 2002
---------------------------------------
Dennis L. Brack

   /s/ Paul A. DeBriyn                           Director         March 15, 2002
---------------------------------------
Paul A. DeBriyn

   /s/ Kenneth E. Graff                          Director         March 15, 2002
---------------------------------------
Kenneth E. Graff

   /s/ W. David Hemingway                        Director         March 15, 2002
---------------------------------------
W. David Hemingway

   /s/ Mitchell A. Johnson                       Director         March 15, 2002
---------------------------------------
Mitchell A. Johnson

   /s/ Lowell L. Junkins                         Director         March 15, 2002
---------------------------------------
Lowell L. Junkins

   /s/ Charles E. Kruse                          Director         March 15, 2002
---------------------------------------
Charles E. Kruse

   /s/ James A. McCarthy                         Director         March 15, 2002
---------------------------------------
James A. McCarthy

   /s/ John G. Nelson                            Director         March 15, 2002
---------------------------------------
John G. Nelson

   /s/ Peter T. Paul                             Director         March 15, 2002
---------------------------------------
Peter T. Paul

   /s/ Marilyn Peters                            Director         March 15, 2002
---------------------------------------
Marilyn Peters

   /s/ John Dan Raines, Jr.                      Director         March 15, 2002
---------------------------------------
John Dan Raines, Jr.

   /s/ Gordon Clyde Southern                   Vice Chairman      March 15, 2002
---------------------------------------
Gordon Clyde Southern                           and Director

   /s/ Clyde A. Wheeler, Jr.                     Director         March 15, 2002
---------------------------------------
Clyde A. Wheeler, Jr.




<PAGE>


                                  Exhibit Index



 10.10  - Lease  Agreement  dated  June  28,  2001  between  EOP-Two  Lafayette,
          L.L.C. and Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation.

  99.2 -  Letter from  the  Registrant  to the  Commission  dated March 27, 2002
          confirming  the receipt of  representations  from Arthur  Andersen LLP
          regarding its audit report for the period ending December 31, 2001.


<PAGE>













                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                    EXHIBITS

                                       TO

                                    FORM 10-K

                                    FILED BY

                    FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION














<PAGE>





                                                                  Exhibit 10.10

                                 TWO LAFAYETTE
                                WASHINGTON, D.C.














                             OFFICE LEASE AGREEMENT


                                     BETWEEN


         EOP-TWO LAFAYETTE, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company
                                  ("LANDLORD")


                                       AND


  FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION, a federally chartered corporation
                                   ("TENANT")










<PAGE>



                                        i

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

I. Basic Lease Information................................................1

II. Lease Grant...........................................................2

III. Adjustment of Commencement Date; Possession..........................3

IV. Rent..................................................................4

V. Compliance with Laws; Use..............................................7

VI. Security Deposit......................................................7

VII. Services to be Furnished by Landlord.................................7

VIII. Leasehold Improvements..............................................8

IX. Repairs and Alterations...............................................8

X. Use of Electrical Services by Tenant...................................9

XI. Entry by Landlord....................................................10

XII. Assignment and Subletting...........................................10

XIII. Liens..............................................................12

XIV. Indemnity and Waiver of Claims......................................12

XV. Insurance............................................................12

XVI. Subrogation.........................................................13

XVII. Casualty Damage....................................................13

XVIII. Condemnation......................................................14

XIX. Events of Default...................................................14

XX. Remedies.............................................................15

XXI. Limitation of Liability.............................................15

XXII. No Waiver..........................................................16

XXIII.  Quiet Enjoyment..................................................16

XXIV. Relocation.........................................................16

XXV. Holding Over........................................................16

XXVI. Subordination to Mortgages; Estoppel Certificate...................16

XXVII. Attorneys' Fees...................................................17

XXVIII. Notice...........................................................17

XXIX. Excepted Rights....................................................17

XXX. Surrender of Premises...............................................17

XXXI. Miscellaneous......................................................18

XXXII. Entire Agreement..................................................19




<PAGE>



                                        1

                             OFFICE LEASE AGREEMENT

     This Office Lease  Agreement  (the  "Lease") is made and entered into as of
the 28th day of June, 2001, by and between EOP-TWO LAFAYETTE, L.L.C., a Delaware
limited  liability  company  ("Landlord")  and  FEDERAL  AGRICULTURAL   MORTGAGE
CORPORATION, a federally chartered corporation ("Tenant").

I.    Basic Lease Information.

     A.   "Building" shall mean the building located at 1133 21st Street,  N.W.,
          Washington, D.C. 20036, and commonly known as Two Lafayette Centre.

     B.   "Rentable  Square  Footage  of the  Building"  is deemed to be 130,704
          square feet.

     C.   "Premises"  shall mean the area shown on Exhibit A to this Lease.  The
          Premises  are located on the 6th floor and known as suite  number 600.
          The "Rentable  Square  Footage of the Premises" is deemed to be 13,652
          square  feet.  If the  Premises  include  one or more  floors in their
          entirety,  all corridors and restroom  facilities located on such full
          floor(s) shall be considered part of the Premises. Landlord and Tenant
          stipulate and agree that the Rentable  Square  Footage of the Building
          and the Rentable  Square Footage of the Premises are correct and shall
          not be remeasured.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

     D.   "Base Rent":

          Period        Annual Rate         Annual           Monthly
         (Months)     Per Square Foot      Base Rent        Base Rent
<S>     <C>               <C>            <C>               <C>
          01 - 12          $38.00         $518,775.96       $43,231.33
          13 - 24          $38.95         $531,745.44       $44,312.12
          25 - 36          $39.92         $544,987.80       $45,415.65
          37 - 48          $40.92         $558,639.84       $46,553.32
          49 - 60          $41.94         $572,564.88       $47,713.74
          61 - 72          $42.99         $586,899.48       $48,908.29
          73 - 84          $44.07         $601,643.64       $50,136.97
          85 - 96          $45.17         $616,660.80       $51,388.40
          97- 108          $46.30         $632,087.64       $52,673.97
         109- 120          $47.46         $647,923.92       $53,993.66
</TABLE>

     E.   "Tenant's Pro Rata Share": 10.4450%.

     F.   "Base Year" for Taxes: 2002; "Base Year" for Expenses: 2002. -

     G.   "Term": A period of 120 months. The Term shall commence on December 1,
          2001  (the  "Commencement  Date")  and,  unless  terminated  early  in
          accordance with this Lease, end on November 30, 2011 (the "Termination
          Date").  However,  if Landlord is required to  Substantially  Complete
          (defined in Section III.A) any Landlord Work (defined in Section I.O.)
          prior to the  Commencement  Date  under  the  terms  of a Work  Letter
          (defined in Section I.O): (1) the date set forth in the prior sentence
          as the  "Commencement  Date"  shall  instead be defined as the "Target
          Commencement  Date" by which date Landlord will use reasonable efforts
          to  Substantially  Complete  the  Landlord  Work;  and (2) the  actual
          "Commencement  Date" shall be the date on which the  Landlord  Work is
          Substantially  Complete,  as  determined  by  Section  III.A.  In such
          circumstances,  the  Termination  Date will instead be the last day of
          the Term as  determined  based  upon  the  actual  Commencement  Date.
          Landlord's failure to Substantially  Complete the Landlord Work by the
          Target  Commencement  Date  shall  not be a  default  by  Landlord  or
          otherwise  render  Landlord  liable for  damages.  Promptly  after the
          determination  of the  Commencement  Date,  Landlord  and Tenant shall
          enter into a  commencement  letter  agreement in the form  attached as
          Exhibit C. Landlord  shall use  reasonable  efforts to provide  Tenant
          with  advance  notice  (which may be given  orally)  of the  estimated
          Commencement Date at least 1 week prior to such estimated Commencement
          Date, but Landlord's  failure to accurately  estimate the Commencement
          Date  shall in no manner  affect  the  Commencement  Date or any other
          obligations of Landlord or Tenant hereunder.

     H.   Tenant  allowance(s):  an amount not to exceed  $225,000.00 as further
          described in the attached Exhibit D.

     I.   "Security Deposit": NONE.

     J.   "Guarantor(s)": NONE.

     K.   "Broker(s)": Donohoe Real Estate Services.

     L.   "Permitted Use": general office use.

     M.   "Notice Addresses":

      Tenant:

     On and after the Commencement  Date, notices shall be sent to Tenant at the
     Premises.  Prior to the Commencement  Date, notices shall be sent to Tenant
     at the following address:

      919 Eighteenth Street, NW
      Suite 200
      Washington, D. C.  20006
      Attention: General Counsel
      Phone #:  202.872.7700
      Fax #:  202.872.7713


       Landlord:                        With a copy to:

      EOP-Two Lafayette, L.L.C.         Equity Office Properties
                               -
      c/o Equity Office Properties      Two North Riverside Plaza
      1111 19th Street,  N.W., Suite    Suite 2100
      1120                              Chicago, Illinois 60606
      Washington, D.C.  20036           Attention:  Washington, DC Regional
      Attention:  Building Manager      Counsel


          Rent  (defined  in  Section  IV.A) is  payable  to the order of Equity
          Office  Properties  at  the  following   address:   P.O.  Box  828680,
          Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19182-8680.

     N.   "Business Day(s)" are Monday through Friday of each week, exclusive of
          New  Year's  Day,   Memorial  Day,   Independence   Day,   Labor  Day,
          Thanksgiving  Day  and  Christmas  Day   ("Holidays").   Landlord  may
          designate additional  Holidays,  provided that the additional Holidays
          are commonly  recognized  by other office  buildings in the area where
          the Building is located.

     O.   "Landlord  Work" means the work, if any, that Landlord is obligated to
          perform in the Premises  pursuant to a separate work letter  agreement
          (the "Work Letter"),  if any,  attached as Exhibit D. If a Work Letter
          is not  attached to this Lease or if an attached  Work Letter does not
          require   Landlord  to  perform  any  work,   the  occurrence  of  the
          Commencement  Date shall not be  conditioned  upon the  performance of
          work  by  Landlord  and,  accordingly,  Section  III.A.  shall  not be
          applicable to the determination of the Commencement Date.

     P.   "Law(s)" means all applicable  statutes,  codes,  ordinances,  orders,
          rules and regulations of any municipal or governmental entity.

     Q.   "Normal Business Hours" for the Building are 8:00 A.M. to 6:00 P.M. on
          Business Days and 8:00 A.M. to 2:00 P.M. on Saturdays.

     R.   "Property" means the Building and the parcel(s) of land on which it is
          located and the  Building  garage and other  improvements  serving the
          Building, if any, and the parcel(s) of land on which they are located.

II.   Lease Grant.

     Landlord  leases the Premises to Tenant and Tenant leases the Premises from
Landlord,  together  with the right in common with others to use any portions of
the Property  that are  designated by Landlord for the common use of tenants and
others, such as sidewalks,  unreserved parking areas, common corridors, elevator
foyers, restrooms, vending areas and lobby areas (the "Common Areas").

III.  Adjustment of Commencement Date; Possession.

     A.   The Landlord  Work shall be deemed to be  "Substantially  Complete" on
          the later of (i) the date that all Landlord  Work has been  performed,
          other than any details of construction,  mechanical  adjustment or any
          other similar matter,  the  noncompletion of which does not materially
          interfere  with  Tenant's  use of the  Premises;  and  (ii)  the  date
          Landlord receives the temporary or permanent  certificate of occupancy
          with  respect  to the  Landlord  Work  performed  by  Landlord  or its
          contractors  in the Premises.  However,  if Landlord is delayed in the
          performance  of the Landlord  Work as a result of any Tenant  Delay(s)
          (defined below), the Landlord Work shall be deemed to be Substantially
          Complete on the date that Landlord could reasonably have been expected
          to  Substantially  Complete the Landlord Work absent any Tenant Delay.
          "Tenant  Delay"  means any act or  omission  of Tenant or its  agents,
          employees, vendors or contractors that actually delays the Substantial
          Completion of the Landlord Work,  including,  without limitation:  (1)
          Tenant's  failure to furnish  information or approvals within any time
          period  specified in this Lease,  including  the failure to prepare or
          approve  preliminary  or final plans by any  applicable  due date; (2)
          Tenant's selection of equipment or materials that have long lead times
          after first being  informed by Landlord in writing that the  selection
          may  result in a delay;  (3)  changes  requested  or made by Tenant to
          previously approved plans and specifications;  (4) performance of work
          in the  Premises  by  Tenant  or  Tenant's  contractor(s)  during  the
          performance  of the Landlord  Work; or (5) if the  performance  of any
          portion of the  Landlord  Work  depends  on the prior or  simultaneous
          performance  of  work  by  Tenant,  a  delay  by  Tenant  or  Tenant's
          contractor(s) in the completion of such work.

     B.   Subject  to  Landlord's   obligation  to  perform  Landlord  Work  and
          Landlord's  obligations under Section IX.B., the Premises are accepted
          by Tenant in "as is" condition and configuration. By taking possession
          of the Premises, Tenant agrees that the Premises are in good order and
          satisfactory  condition,  and that  there  are no  representations  or
          warranties by Landlord  regarding the condition of the Premises or the
          Building. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall be responsible
          for  latent  defects in the  Landlord  Work of which  Tenant  notifies
          Landlord to the extent that the  correction of such defects is covered
          under valid and enforceable  warranties  given Landlord by contractors
          or  subcontractors  performing  the Landlord  Work.  Landlord,  at its
          option,  may pursue such claims directly or assign any such warranties
          to  Tenant  for  enforcement.   If  Landlord  is  delayed   delivering
          possession  of the  Premises or any other space due to the holdover or
          unlawful  possession  of such space by any party,  Landlord  shall use
          reasonable  efforts to obtain  possession of the space. If Landlord is
          required  to   Substantially   Complete   Landlord   Work  before  the
          Commencement Date, the Commencement Date and Termination Date shall be
          determined by Section I.G.

     C.   If Tenant takes  possession  of the Premises  before the  Commencement
          Date, such possession  shall be subject to the terms and conditions of
          this Lease and Tenant  shall pay Rent  (defined  in Section  IV.A.) to
          Landlord  for each day of  possession  before the  Commencement  Date.
          However,  except for the cost of services  requested  by Tenant  (e.g.
          freight elevator usage),  Tenant shall not be required to pay Rent for
          any days of  possession  before the  Commencement  Date  during  which
          Tenant, with the reasonable approval of Landlord,  is in possession of
          the  Premises  for the sole  purpose  of  performing  improvements  or
          installing furniture, equipment or other personal property.

          Landlord  shall  permit  Tenant or its agents or invitees to enter the
          Premises  at  Tenant's  sole  risk  prior  to the  Commencement  Date,
          provided that Landlord had legal possession of the Premises,  in order
          to perform,  through Tenants own contractors,  such work as Tenant may
          desire,  at the same time that  Landlord's  contractors are working in
          the Premises. The foregoing license to enter the Premises prior to the
          Commencement  Date,  however,  is conditioned  upon Tenant's labor not
          interfering with Landlord's contractors, the Landlord Work or with any
          other  tenant or its  labor.  If at any time such  entry  shall  cause
          disharmony,  interference or union disputes of any nature  whatsoever,
          or if Landlord, in Landlord's sole judgment, shall determine that such
          entry, work or the continuance thereof shall interfere with, hamper or
          prevent  Landlord from  proceeding with the completion of the Building
          or the Landlord Work at the earliest  possible date,  this license may
          be withdrawn by Landlord  immediately  upon written  notice to Tenant.
          Such  entry  shall be  deemed to be under  and  subject  to all of the
          terms,  covenants and conditions of the Lease, and Tenant shall comply
          with all of the provisions of this Lease which are the  obligations or
          covenants of the Tenant,  except that the obligation to pay Rent shall
          not commence until the earlier of the  Commencement  Date and the date
          Tenant  commences to conduct  business from the Premises.  If Tenant's
          agents or invitees  incur any charges by,  through or from Landlord or
          Landlord's contractors, including, but not limited to, charges for use
          of  construction  or hoisting  equipment  on the Building  site,  such
          charges  shall  be  deemed  an  obligation  of  Tenant  and  shall  be
          collectible  as Rent  pursuant  to this  Lease,  and upon  default  in
          payment  thereof,  Landlord  shall  have  the same  remedies  as for a
          default in payment of Rent pursuant to this Lease.

IV.   Rent.

     A.   Payments.  As consideration for this Lease, Tenant shall pay Landlord,
          without  any setoff or  deduction,  the total  amount of Base Rent and
          Additional  Rent due for the Term.  "Additional  Rent"  means all sums
          (exclusive  of Base Rent) that  Tenant is  required  to pay  Landlord.
          Additional Rent and Base Rent are sometimes  collectively  referred to
          as "Rent".  Tenant  shall pay and be liable for all rental,  sales and
          use taxes  (but  excluding  income  taxes),  if any,  imposed  upon or
          measured by Rent under applicable Law. Base Rent and recurring monthly
          charges of Additional  Rent shall be due and payable in advance on the
          first day of each calendar  month without  notice or demand,  provided
          that the installment of Base Rent for the first full calendar month of
          the Term shall be payable upon the  execution of this Lease by Tenant.
          All  other  items of Rent  shall be due and  payable  by  Tenant on or
          before 30 days after  billing by Landlord.  All payments of Rent shall
          be by good and  sufficient  check or by other means (such as automatic
          debit or electronic transfer) acceptable to Landlord.  If Tenant fails
          to pay any item or  installment  of Rent  when due,  Tenant  shall pay
          Landlord  an  administration  fee  equal to 5% of the  past due  Rent,
          provided that Tenant shall be entitled to a grace period of 5 days for
          the first 2 late  payments of Rent in a given  calendar  year.  If the
          Term  commences on a day other than the first day of a calendar  month
          or  terminates  on a day other than the last day of a calendar  month,
          the monthly  Base Rent and  Tenant's  Pro Rata Share of any Tax Excess
          (defined  in Section  IV.B.) or  Expense  Excess  (defined  in Section
          IV.B.) for the month shall be prorated  based on the number of days in
          such calendar  month.  Landlord's  acceptance of less than the correct
          amount  of Rent  shall be  considered  a  payment  on  account  of the
          earliest  Rent due. No  endorsement  or statement on a check or letter
          accompanying  a check or  payment  shall be  considered  an accord and
          satisfaction, and either party may accept the check or payment without
          prejudice to that party's right to recover the balance or pursue other
          available  remedies.  Tenant's  covenant to pay Rent is independent of
          every other covenant in this Lease.

     B.   Expense  Excess and Tax Excess.  Tenant  shall pay  Tenant's  Pro Rata
          Share of the  amount,  if any, by which  Expenses  (defined in Section
          IV.C.) for each calendar year during the Term exceed  Expenses for the
          Base Year (the "Expense Excess") and also the amount, if any, by which
          Taxes  (defined in Section  IV.D.) for each  calendar  year during the
          Term exceed  Taxes for the Base Year (the "Tax  Excess").  If Expenses
          and/or  Taxes in any  calendar  year  decrease  below  the  amount  of
          Expenses  and/or  Taxes for the Base Year,  Tenant's Pro Rata Share of
          Expenses  and/or  Taxes,  as the case may be, for that  calendar  year
          shall be $0.  Landlord shall provide Tenant with a good faith estimate
          of the  Expense  Excess and of the Tax Excess for each  calendar  year
          during  the Term.  On or before  the first day of each  month,  Tenant
          shall pay to Landlord a monthly  installment  equal to  one-twelfth of
          Tenant's Pro Rata Share of Landlord's  estimate of the Expense  Excess
          and  one-twelfth of Tenant's Pro Rata Share of Landlord's  estimate of
          the Tax Excess. If Landlord determines that its good faith estimate of
          the Expense  Excess or of the Tax Excess was  incorrect  by a material
          amount, Landlord may provide Tenant with a revised estimate. After its
          receipt of the revised  estimate,  Tenant's  monthly payments shall be
          based upon the revised  estimate.  If Landlord does not provide Tenant
          with an estimate of the Expense Excess or of the Tax Excess by January
          1  of  a  calendar   year,   Tenant  shall  continue  to  pay  monthly
          installments  based on the previous year's  estimate(s) until Landlord
          provides  Tenant  with  the new  estimate.  Upon  delivery  of the new
          estimate,  an adjustment  shall be made for any month for which Tenant
          paid monthly  installments  based on the previous year's  estimate(s).
          Tenant  shall pay Landlord  the amount of any  underpayment  within 30
          days  after  receipt of the new  estimate.  Any  overpayment  shall be
          refunded  to Tenant  within 30 days or  credited  against the next due
          future installment(s) of Additional Rent.

          As soon as is  practical  following  the  end of each  calendar  year,
          Landlord shall furnish Tenant with a statement of the actual  Expenses
          and Expense  Excess and the actual  Taxes and Tax Excess for the prior
          calendar year.  Landlord  shall use reasonable  efforts to furnish the
          statement of actual  Expenses on or before June 1 of the calendar year
          immediately  following  the  calendar  year  to  which  the  statement
          applies.  If the estimated  Expense Excess and/or estimated Tax Excess
          for the prior  calendar  year is more than the actual  Expense  Excess
          and/or actual Tax Excess,  as the case may be, for the prior  calendar
          year,   Landlord  shall  apply  any   overpayment  by  Tenant  against
          Additional Rent due or next becoming due, provided if the Term expires
          before the determination of the overpayment, Landlord shall refund any
          overpayment to Tenant after first deducting the amount of Rent due. If
          the estimated Expense Excess and/or estimated Tax Excess for the prior
          calendar year is less than the actual Expense Excess and/or actual Tax
          Excess,  as the case may be, for such  prior  year,  Tenant  shall pay
          Landlord,  within  30 days  after  its  receipt  of the  statement  of
          Expenses and/or Taxes, any underpayment for the prior calendar year.

     C.   Expenses Defined.  "Expenses" means all costs and expenses incurred in
          each  calendar  year  in  connection  with   operating,   maintaining,
          repairing, and managing the Building and the Property,  including, but
          not limited to:

          1.   Labor costs,  including,  wages,  salaries,  social  security and
               employment taxes, medical and other types of insurance, uniforms,
               training,  and  retirement  and pension plans for personnel at or
               below the level of Building manager or Property manager.

          2.   Management   fees,  the  cost  of  equipping  and  maintaining  a
               management  office,  accounting and bookkeeping  services,  legal
               fees not  attributable  to leasing or  collection  activity,  and
               other  administrative   costs.   Landlord  agrees  to  act  in  a
               commercially reasonable manner in incurring such management fees,
               taking  into  consideration  the Class A nature of the  Building.
               Landlord, by itself or through an affiliate, shall have the right
               to  directly  perform or provide  any  services  under this Lease
               (including  management  services),  provided that the cost of any
               such  services  shall not  exceed  the cost that  would have been
               incurred had Landlord  entered into an  arms-length  contract for
               such services with an unaffiliated entity of comparable skill and
               experience.

          3.   The cost of services, including amounts paid to service providers
               and the rental and purchase  cost of parts,  supplies,  tools and
               equipment.

          4.   Premiums  and   deductibles   paid  by  Landlord  for  insurance,
               including  workers  compensation,  fire  and  extended  coverage,
               earthquake,  general liability, rental loss, elevator, boiler and
               other insurance  customarily  carried from time to time by owners
               of comparable office buildings.

          5.   Electrical  Costs  (defined  below) and charges  for water,  gas,
               steam and sewer,  but excluding  those charges for which Landlord
               is reimbursed by tenants.  "Electrical  Costs" means: (a) charges
               paid  by  Landlord  for   electricity;   (b)  costs  incurred  in
               connection  with an energy  management  program for the Property;
               and (c) if and to the  extent  permitted  by  Law,  a fee for the
               services provided by Landlord in connection with the selection of
               utility  companies  and the  negotiation  and  administration  of
               contracts  for  electricity,  provided  that  such fee  shall not
               exceed 50% of any savings obtained by Landlord.  Electrical Costs
               shall be adjusted as follows: (i) amounts received by Landlord as
               reimbursement for above standard electrical  consumption shall be
               deducted  from  Electrical  Costs;  (ii) the cost of  electricity
               incurred  to  provide  overtime  HVAC  to  specific  tenants  (as
               reasonably   estimated  by  Landlord)   shall  be  deducted  from
               Electrical  Costs; and (iii) if Tenant is billed directly for the
               cost  of  building  standard  electricity  to the  Premises  as a
               separate charge in addition to Base Rent, the cost of electricity
               to  individual  tenant  spaces in the Building  shall be deducted
               from Electrical Costs.

          6.   The amortized cost of capital improvements (as distinguished from
               replacement parts or components  installed in the ordinary course
               of  business)  made to the  Property  which  are:  (a)  performed
               primarily to reduce operating  expense costs or otherwise improve
               the  operating  efficiency  of the  Property;  or (b) required to
               comply with any Laws that are enacted,  or first  interpreted  to
               apply to the Property,  after the date of this Lease. The cost of
               capital  improvements  shall be  amortized  by Landlord  over the
               lesser of the  Payback  Period  (defined  below) or 5 years.  The
               amortized cost of capital improvements may, at Landlord's option,
               include  actual or  imputed  interest  at the rate that  Landlord
               would  reasonably  be  required to pay to finance the cost of the
               capital  improvement.   "Payback  Period"  means  the  reasonably
               estimated  period  of time  that it takes  for the  cost  savings
               resulting  from a capital  improvement to equal the total cost of
               the capital improvement.

               If Landlord incurs Expenses for the Property together with one or
               more  other  buildings  or  properties,  whether  pursuant  to  a
               reciprocal   easement   agreement,   common  area   agreement  or
               otherwise,  the  shared  costs and  expenses  shall be  equitably
               prorated  and  apportioned  between  the  Property  and the other
               buildings or properties.  Expenses shall not include: the cost of
               capital improvements  (except as set forth above);  depreciation;
               interest  (except  as  provided  above  for the  amortization  of
               capital  improvements);  principal payments of mortgage and other
               non-operating  debts of  Landlord;  the cost of  repairs or other
               work  to the  extent  Landlord  is  reimbursed  by  insurance  or
               condemnation proceeds;  costs in connection with leasing space in
               the Building, including brokerage commissions; lease concessions,
               including rental abatements and construction allowances,  granted
               to specific tenants;  costs incurred in connection with the sale,
               financing or  refinancing  of the Building;  fines,  interest and
               penalties  incurred due to the late payment of Taxes  (defined in
               Section  IV.D) or Expenses;  organizational  expenses  associated
               with the creation and  operation of the entity which  constitutes
               Landlord;  or any  penalties  or damages  that  Landlord  pays to
               Tenant under this Lease or to other tenants in the Building under
               their  respective  leases.  If the  Building  is not at least 95%
               occupied during any calendar year or if Landlord is not supplying
               services to at least 95% of the total Rentable  Square Footage of
               the Building at any time during a calendar  year,  Expenses shall
               be  determined  as if the  Building  had  been 95%  occupied  and
               Landlord  had  been  supplying  services  to 95% of the  Rentable
               Square  Footage of the Building  during that  calendar  year.  If
               Tenant pays for its Pro Rata Share of Expenses based on increases
               over  a  "Base  Year"  and  Expenses  for  a  calendar  year  are
               determined  as provided in the prior  sentence,  Expenses for the
               Base Year shall also be  determined  as if the  Building had been
               95% occupied and Landlord had been  supplying  services to 95% of
               the Rentable Square Footage of the Building. The extrapolation of
               Expenses  under this Section shall be performed by  appropriately
               adjusting  the  cost of those  components  of  Expenses  that are
               impacted by changes in the occupancy of the Building.

     D.   Taxes Defined. "Taxes" shall mean: (1) all real estate taxes and other
          assessments  on the  Building  and/or  Property,  including,  but  not
          limited to, assessments for special improvement districts and building
          improvement districts, taxes and assessments levied in substitution or
          supplementation  in whole or in part of any such taxes and assessments
          and the  Property's  share of any real  estate  taxes and  assessments
          under any  reciprocal  easement  agreement,  common area  agreement or
          similar agreement as to the Property;  (2) all personal property taxes
          for property that is owned by Landlord and used in connection with the
          operation,  maintenance and repair of the Property;  and (3) all costs
          and fees  incurred in  connection  with seeking  reductions in any tax
          liabilities  described in (1) and (2), including,  without limitation,
          any costs  incurred by Landlord for  compliance,  review and appeal of
          tax  liabilities.  Without  limitation,  Taxes  shall not  include any
          income,  capital  levy,  franchise,  capital  stock,  gift,  estate or
          inheritance  tax. If an assessment is payable in  installments,  Taxes
          for the year  shall  include  the  amount of the  installment  and any
          interest due and payable during that year, excepting penalties on past
          due amounts unpaid by Landlord. For all other real estate taxes, Taxes
          for that year shall, at Landlord's election, include either the amount
          accrued,  assessed or otherwise imposed for the year or the amount due
          and payable for that year,  provided that Landlord's election shall be
          applied  consistently  throughout  the  Term.  If a change in Taxes is
          obtained for any year of the Term during  which  Tenant paid  Tenant's
          Pro Rata  Share of any Tax  Excess,  then  Taxes for that year will be
          retroactively  adjusted  and  Landlord  shall  provide  Tenant  with a
          credit,  if any,  based on the  adjustment.  Likewise,  if a change is
          obtained for Taxes for the Base Year, Taxes for the Base Year shall be
          restated  and the  Tax  Excess  for  all  subsequent  years  shall  be
          recomputed.  Tenant shall pay Landlord the amount of Tenant's Pro Rata
          Share of any such  increase  in the Tax  Excess  within 30 days  after
          Tenant's receipt of a statement from Landlord.

     E.   Audit Rights.  Tenant may, within 90 days after  receiving  Landlord's
          statement of Expenses,  give Landlord written notice ("Review Notice")
          that Tenant intends to review  Landlord's  records of the Expenses for
          that  calendar  year.  Within a reasonable  time after  receipt of the
          Review Notice, Landlord shall make all pertinent records available for
          inspection  that are  reasonably  necessary  for Tenant to conduct its
          review.  If any records are  maintained  at a location  other than the
          office of the Building,  Tenant may either inspect the records at such
          other location or pay for the reasonable  cost of copying and shipping
          the records.  If Tenant retains an agent to review Landlord's records,
          the agent must be with a  licensed  CPA firm.  Tenant  shall be solely
          responsible  for all costs,  expenses and fees incurred for the audit.
          Within 60 days after the records are made available to Tenant,  Tenant
          shall have the right to give Landlord  written  notice (an  "Objection
          Notice")  stating in  reasonable  detail any  objection to  Landlord's
          statement of Expenses for that year.  If Tenant fails to give Landlord
          an  Objection  Notice  within  the 60 day  period or fails to  provide
          Landlord  with a Review  Notice  within  the 90 day  period  described
          above, Tenant shall be deemed to have approved Landlord's statement of
          Expenses  and shall be barred from  raising any claims  regarding  the
          Expenses  for that year.  If Tenant  provides  Landlord  with a timely
          Objection  Notice,  Landlord  and Tenant  shall work  together in good
          faith to resolve any issues raised in Tenant's  Objection  Notice.  If
          Landlord and Tenant  determine that Expenses for the calendar year are
          less than reported, Landlord shall either provide Tenant with a credit
          against the next  installment of Rent in the amount of the overpayment
          by Tenant,  or refund  the  amount to Tenant  within 30 days after the
          expiration or earlier termination of the Lease.  Likewise, if Landlord
          and Tenant  determine  that Expenses for the calendar year are greater
          than   reported,   Tenant   shall  pay  Landlord  the  amount  of  any
          underpayment  within 30 days. The records  obtained by Tenant shall be
          treated as  confidential.  In no event shall  Tenant be  permitted  to
          examine  Landlord's  records or to dispute any  statement  of Expenses
          unless Tenant has paid and continues to pay all Rent when due.

V.   Compliance with Laws; Use.

     The Premises  shall be used only for the Permitted Use and for no other use
whatsoever.  Tenant  shall not use or  permit  the use of the  Premises  for any
purpose  which is  illegal,  dangerous  to  persons  or  property  or which,  in
Landlord's  reasonable opinion,  unreasonably  disturbs any other tenants of the
Building or interferes  with the operation of the Building.  Tenant shall comply
with all Laws,  including the Americans  with  Disabilities  Act,  regarding the
operation  of  Tenant's  business  and the  use,  condition,  configuration  and
occupancy of the Premises.  Tenant, within 10 days after receipt,  shall provide
Landlord with copies of any notices it receives regarding a violation or alleged
violation of any Laws. Tenant shall comply with the rules and regulations of the
Building  attached as Exhibit B and such other  reasonable rules and regulations
adopted by  Landlord  from time to time.  Tenant  shall  also cause its  agents,
contractors, subcontractors, employees, customers, and subtenants to comply with
all rules and  regulations.  Landlord shall not knowingly  discriminate  against
Tenant in Landlord's enforcement of the rules and regulations.

VI.   Security Deposit.

      INTENTIONALLY OMITTED.

VII.  Services to be Furnished by Landlord.

     A.   Landlord  agrees to furnish  Tenant with the following  services:  (1)
          Water  service  for use in the  lavatories  on each floor on which the
          Premises are located;  (2) Heat and air  conditioning in season during
          Normal Business Hours, at such temperatures and in such amounts as are
          standard  for  comparable  buildings  or as required  by  governmental
          authority.  Tenant, upon such advance notice as is reasonably required
          by Landlord, shall have the right to receive HVAC service during hours
          other than  Normal  Business  Hours.  Tenant  shall pay  Landlord  the
          standard charge for the additional service as reasonably determined by
          Landlord from time to time; (3) Maintenance and repair of the Property
          as described in Section IX.B.; (4) Janitor service on Business Days in
          accordance  with the  janitorial  specifications  attached  hereto  as
          Exhibit  H,  or  such  other  reasonably   comparable   specifications
          designated  by  Landlord  from time to time.  If Tenant's  use,  floor
          covering or other  improvements  require special services in excess of
          the  standard  services  for  the  Building,   Tenant  shall  pay  the
          additional  cost  attributable to the special  services;  (5) Elevator
          service;  (6)  Electricity  to the Premises for general office use, in
          accordance  with and subject to the terms and conditions in Article X;
          and (7) such other  services as  Landlord  reasonably  determines  are
          necessary or appropriate for the Property.

     B.   Landlord's failure to furnish,  or any interruption or termination of,
          services due to the application of Laws, the failure of any equipment,
          the  performance  of  repairs,  improvements  or  alterations,  or the
          occurrence  of any event or cause  beyond  the  reasonable  control of
          Landlord (a "Service  Failure")  shall not render  Landlord  liable to
          Tenant,  constitute a constructive eviction of Tenant, give rise to an
          abatement of Rent,  nor relieve  Tenant from the obligation to fulfill
          any covenant or agreement.  However,  if the  Premises,  or a material
          portion of the Premises,  is made  untenantable for a period in excess
          of 3  consecutive  Business  Days as a result of the Service  Failure,
          then  Tenant,  as its sole  remedy,  shall be  entitled  to receive an
          abatement of Rent payable hereunder during the period beginning on the
          4th consecutive  Business Day of the Service Failure and ending on the
          day the service has been restored. If the entire Premises has not been
          rendered  untenantable by the Service Failure, the amount of abatement
          that Tenant is entitled  to receive  shall be prorated  based upon the
          percentage  of the  Premises  rendered  untenantable  and not  used by
          Tenant. In no event,  however,  shall Landlord be liable to Tenant for
          any loss or damage,  including the theft of Tenant's Property (defined
          in Article XV),  arising out of or in  connection  with the failure of
          any security services, personnel or equipment.

VIII. Leasehold Improvements.

     All improvements to the Premises (collectively,  "Leasehold  Improvements")
shall  be  owned  by  Landlord  and  shall  remain  upon  the  Premises  without
compensation to Tenant. However, Landlord, by written notice to Tenant within 30
days prior to the  Termination  Date, may require Tenant to remove,  at Tenant's
expense:  (1) Cable (defined in Section IX.A)  installed by or for the exclusive
benefit of Tenant and located in the Premises or other portions of the Building;
and (2) any Leasehold  Improvements  that are performed by or for the benefit of
Tenant  and,  in  Landlord's  reasonable  judgment,  are of a nature  that would
require  removal and repair costs that are  materially  in excess of the removal
and repair costs  associated  with standard  office  improvements  (collectively
referred to as "Required  Removables").  Without  limitation,  it is agreed that
Required  Removables include internal stairways,  raised floors,  personal baths
and  showers,  vaults,  rolling  file  systems and  structural  alterations  and
modifications of any type. The Required Removables  designated by Landlord shall
be  removed by Tenant  before the  Termination  Date,  provided  that upon prior
written  notice to Landlord,  Tenant may remain in the Premises for up to 5 days
after  the  Termination  Date for the sole  purpose  of  removing  the  Required
Removables.  Tenant's  possession of the Premises shall be subject to all of the
terms and  conditions of this Lease,  including the  obligation to pay Rent on a
per diem  basis at the rate in effect  for the last  month of the  Term.  Tenant
shall  repair  damage  caused  by  the   installation  or  removal  of  Required
Removables. If Tenant fails to remove any Required Removables or perform related
repairs  in a timely  manner,  Landlord,  at  Tenant's  expense,  may remove and
dispose of the Required  Removables  and perform the required  repairs.  Tenant,
within 30 days after  receipt of an invoice,  shall  reimburse  Landlord for the
reasonable costs incurred by Landlord. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant, at
the time it  requests  approval  for a proposed  Alteration  (defined in Section
IX.C), may request in writing that Landlord advise Tenant whether the Alteration
or any portion of the  Alteration  will be designated  as a Required  Removable.
Within 10 days after receipt of Tenant's  request,  Landlord shall advise Tenant
in writing as to which portions of the Alteration, if any, will be considered to
be Required Removables.

IX.   Repairs and Alterations.

     A.   Tenant's  Repair  Obligations.  Tenant  shall,  at its  sole  cost and
          expense,  promptly perform all maintenance and repairs to the Premises
          that are not Landlord's express  responsibility  under this Lease, and
          shall keep the Premises in good condition and repair,  reasonable wear
          and tear and damage by fire or other casualty (subject to the terms of
          Article XVII) excepted.  Tenant's repair obligations include,  without
          limitation,  repairs to: (1) floor covering;  (2) interior partitions;
          (3) doors;  (4) the interior side of demising  walls;  (5) electronic,
          phone and data cabling and related equipment  (collectively,  "Cable")
          that is  installed  by or for the  exclusive  benefit  of  Tenant  and
          located  in the  Premises  or  other  portions  of the  Building;  (6)
          supplemental  air  conditioning  units,  private showers and kitchens,
          including hot water heaters,  plumbing, and similar facilities serving
          Tenant  exclusively;  and (7)  Alterations  performed  by  contractors
          retained by Tenant,  including related HVAC balancing.  All work shall
          be performed in accordance with the rules and procedures  described in
          Section  IX.C.  below.  If  Tenant  fails to make any  repairs  to the
          Premises  for more than 15 days after notice from  Landlord  (although
          notice shall not be required if there is an  emergency),  Landlord may
          make the  repairs,  and Tenant  shall pay the  reasonable  cost of the
          repairs  to  Landlord  within 30 days  after  receipt  of an  invoice,
          together  with an  administrative  charge in an amount equal to 10% of
          the cost of the repairs.

     B.   Landlord's  Repair  Obligations.  Landlord  shall keep and maintain in
          good  repair  and  working  order  and  make  repairs  to and  perform
          maintenance  upon:  (1)  structural  elements  of  the  Building;  (2)
          mechanical (including HVAC), electrical, plumbing and fire/life safety
          systems  serving the Building in general;  (3) Common  Areas;  (4) the
          roof of the Building;  (5) exterior  windows of the Building;  and (6)
          elevators  serving the Building.  Landlord shall promptly make repairs
          (considering  the nature and urgency of the repair) for which Landlord
          is responsible.

     C.   Alterations.   Tenant  shall  not  make   alterations,   additions  or
          improvements  to the  Premises or install any Cable in the Premises or
          other   portions  of  the  Building   (collectively   referred  to  as
          "Alterations") without first obtaining the written consent of Landlord
          in each instance,  which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
          delayed.  However,  Landlord's  consent  shall not be required for any
          Alteration  that satisfies all of the following  criteria (a "Cosmetic
          Alteration"):   (1)  is  of  a  cosmetic   nature  such  as  painting,
          wallpapering,  hanging pictures and installing  carpeting;  (2) is not
          visible from the  exterior of the  Premises or Building;  (3) will not
          affect the  systems or  structure  of the  Building;  and (4) does not
          require work to be performed  inside the walls or above the ceiling of
          the  Premises.  However,  even  though  consent is not  required,  the
          performance of Cosmetic  Alterations shall be subject to all the other
          provisions of this Section IX.C. Prior to starting work,  Tenant shall
          furnish Landlord with plans and specifications  reasonably  acceptable
          to Landlord;  names of contractors  reasonably  acceptable to Landlord
          (provided  that  Landlord  may  designate  specific  contractors  with
          respect to Building systems);  copies of contracts;  necessary permits
          and approvals;  evidence of contractor's and subcontractor's insurance
          in amounts  reasonably  required by  Landlord;  and any  security  for
          performance  that is reasonably  required by Landlord.  Changes to the
          plans and  specifications  must also be  submitted to Landlord for its
          approval.  Alterations  shall be constructed in a good and workmanlike
          manner  using  materials  of a quality  that is at least  equal to the
          quality  designated  by  Landlord  as the  minimum  standard  for  the
          Building.  Landlord may designate  reasonable  rules,  regulations and
          procedures  for the  performance  of work in the Building  and, to the
          extent  reasonably  necessary to avoid  disruption to the occupants of
          the  Building,  shall  have the  right  to  designate  the  time  when
          Alterations may be performed.  Tenant shall reimburse  Landlord within
          30 days  after  receipt of an invoice  for sums paid by  Landlord  for
          third   party   examination   of  Tenant's   plans  for   non-Cosmetic
          Alterations.  In addition,  within 30 days after receipt of an invoice
          from  Landlord,  Tenant  shall  pay  Landlord  a  fee  for  Landlord's
          oversight and  coordination of any non-Cosmetic  Alterations  equal to
          10% of the  cost of the  non-Cosmetic  Alterations.  Upon  completion,
          Tenant   shall   furnish   "as-built"   plans   (except  for  Cosmetic
          Alterations),  completion  affidavits,  full and final waivers of lien
          and receipted  bills  covering all labor and  materials.  Tenant shall
          assure that the Alterations comply with all insurance requirements and
          Laws.   Landlord's   approval  of  an   Alteration   shall  not  be  a
          representation   by  Landlord  that  the   Alteration   complies  with
          applicable Laws or will be adequate for Tenant's use.

X.    Use of Electrical Services by Tenant.

     A.   Electricity used by Tenant in the Premises shall be paid for by Tenant
          through  inclusion in Expenses (except as provided in Section X.B. for
          excess usage).  Electrical service to the Premises may be furnished by
          one or more companies providing  electrical  generation,  transmission
          and distribution  services, and the cost of electricity may consist of
          several  different  components or separate  charges for such services,
          such as generation,  distribution and stranded cost charges.  Landlord
          shall  have  the  exclusive  right to  select  any  company  providing
          electrical  service  to the  Premises,  to  aggregate  the  electrical
          service  for the  Property  and  Premises  with  other  buildings,  to
          purchase  electricity  through  a broker  and/or  buyers  group and to
          change the providers and manner of  purchasing  electricity.  Landlord
          shall be entitled to receive a  reasonable  fee (if  permitted by Law)
          for  the  selection  of  utility  companies  and the  negotiation  and
          administration of contracts for electricity.

     B.   Tenant's  use of  electrical  service  shall  not  exceed,  either  in
          voltage,  rated  capacity or overall load 5 watts per rentable  square
          foot of the Premises,  which shall be supplied by or through  Landlord
          to the  Premises.  If Tenant  requests  permission  to consume  excess
          electrical  service,  Landlord may refuse to consent or may  condition
          consent upon conditions that Landlord  reasonably  elects  (including,
          without  limitation,  the  installation of utility  service  upgrades,
          meters,  submeters, air handlers or cooling units), and the additional
          usage (to the extent  permitted by Law),  installation and maintenance
          costs shall be paid by Tenant. Landlord shall deliver at least 5 watts
          per  rentable  square foot of the  Premises,  excluding  computer  and
          communications requirements,  to Tenant, which electrical capacity may
          be increased by Tenant at Tenant's  sole cost and expense,  subject to
          the electrical capacity available to the Premises, however in no event
          more than 5 watts per rentable  square foot.  Landlord  shall have the
          right to  separately  meter  electrical  usage for the Premises and to
          measure electrical usage by survey or other commonly accepted methods.

XI.   Entry by Landlord.

     Landlord,  its  agents,  contractors  and  representatives  may  enter  the
Premises to inspect or show the Premises, to clean and make repairs, alterations
or  additions  to the  Premises  (provided  that  Landlord  shall  only show the
Premises  during the last 12 months of the Term or during an uncured  default by
Tenant),  and to conduct or facilitate repairs,  alterations or additions to any
portion  of  the  Building,   including  other  tenants'  premises.   Except  in
emergencies or to provide  janitorial  and other Building  services after Normal
Business Hours,  Landlord shall provide Tenant with  reasonable  prior notice of
entry into the Premises,  which may be given orally. If reasonably necessary for
the protection  and safety of Tenant and its employees,  Landlord shall have the
right to temporarily  close all or a portion of the Premises to perform repairs,
alterations and additions.  However,  except in  emergencies,  Landlord will not
close the Premises if the work can reasonably be completed on weekends and after
Normal  Business  Hours.  Entry by Landlord  shall not  constitute  constructive
eviction or entitle Tenant to an abatement or reduction of Rent.

XII.  Assignment and Subletting.

     A.   Except in  connection  with a Permitted  Transfer  (defined in Section
          XII.E. below), Tenant shall not assign, sublease, transfer or encumber
          any interest in this Lease or allow any third party to use any portion
          of the Premises  (collectively or individually,  a "Transfer") without
          the prior  written  consent of Landlord,  which  consent  shall not be
          unreasonably  withheld,  conditioned  or delayed if Landlord  does not
          elect to exercise its  termination  rights under  Section XII.B below.
          Without limitation,  it is agreed that Landlord's consent shall not be
          considered  unreasonably withheld,  conditioned or delayed if: (1) the
          proposed  transferee's  financial condition does not meet the criteria
          Landlord uses to select  Building  tenants  having  similar  leasehold
          obligations;  (2) the proposed  transferee's  business is not suitable
          for the Building considering the business of the other tenants and the
          Building's  prestige,  or  would  result  in a  violation  of  another
          tenant's rights; (3) the proposed  transferee is a governmental agency
          or occupant of the Building  (Notwithstanding the foregoing,  Landlord
          will not withhold its consent solely  because the proposed  transferee
          is an  occupant  of the  Building  if  Landlord  does not  have  space
          available  for lease in the Building  that is  comparable to the space
          Tenant  desires to Transfer.  For purposes  hereof,  Landlord shall be
          deemed to have comparable space if it has space available on any floor
          of the  Building  that is  approximately  the same  size as the  space
          Tenant   desires  to  Transfer   within  6  months  of  the   proposed
          commencement  of the  proposed  Transfer.);  (4)  Tenant is in default
          after the expiration of the notice and cure periods in this Lease;  or
          (5) any  portion of the  Building  or  Premises  would  likely  become
          subject  to  additional  or  different  Laws as a  consequence  of the
          proposed  Transfer.  Tenant shall not be entitled to receive  monetary
          damages  based upon a claim that  Landlord  unreasonably  withheld its
          consent to a proposed  Transfer and  Tenant's  sole remedy shall be an
          action to enforce any such provision  through specific  performance or
          declaratory  judgment.  Any  attempted  Transfer in  violation of this
          Article shall, at Landlord's  option, be void.  Consent by Landlord to
          one or more  Transfer(s)  shall not operate as a waiver of  Landlord's
          rights to approve  any  subsequent  Transfers.  In no event  shall any
          Transfer  or  Permitted  Transfer  release or relieve  Tenant from any
          obligation under this Lease.

          Notwithstanding  anything  herein to the contrary,  at any time during
          the Term,  Tenant shall have the right to sublet up to an aggregate of
          4,000  rentable  square feet of the Premises  (the "Sublet  Premises")
          without the prior  consent of  Landlord  (the  "Permitted  Sublease"),
          provided  that:  (i) on or  before  the  effective  date  of any  such
          Permitted  Sublease,  Tenant and the  sublessee  under such  Permitted
          Sublease enter into Landlord's  standard consent to sublease agreement
          on the form attached hereto as Exhibit G; (ii) the Permitted  Sublease
          would not  result in a  violation  of an  exclusive  right  granted to
          another  occupant  in the  Building;  (iii)  the  sublessee  under the
          Permitted  Sublease  will  use  the  Sublet  Premises  solely  for the
          Permitted Use and no other use  whatsoever;  (iv) the sublessee  under
          the Permitted  Sublease is not a government  agency or occupant of the
          Building  (Notwithstanding the foregoing,  in such case, Landlord will
          not withhold its consent solely  because the proposed  sublessee is an
          occupant of the Building if Landlord does not have space available for
          lease in the Building that is  comparable to the space Tenant  desires
          to sublease.  For purposes  hereof,  Landlord  shall be deemed to have
          comparable  space  if it  has  space  available  on any  floor  of the
          Building  that is  approximately  the same  size as the  space  Tenant
          desires to sublease  within 6 months of the proposed  commencement  of
          the  proposed  sublease.);  and  (v) no  portion  of the  Building  or
          Premises or Sublet  Premises  would become  subject to  additional  or
          different governmental Laws as a consequence of the Permitted Sublease
          and/or the proposed  sublessee's use and/or occupancy of the Premises.
          Landlord,  within a  reasonable  time after  receipt of such  request,
          shall  provide  Tenant  with  a  written  list  of  any  then  current
          restrictions or limitations.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
          contained  herein,  Landlord's  right to  terminate  this  Lease  with
          respect to the Sublet  Premises  as set forth in Section  XII.B  below
          shall be  inapplicable  in the event of a Permitted  Sublease.  Tenant
          shall be permitted to install a demising  wall  separating  the Sublet
          Premises  from the  remainder of the Premises in  accordance  with the
          provisions of Section IX.C above.

     B.   As part of its request for  Landlord's  consent to a Transfer,  Tenant
          shall provide  Landlord  with  financial  statements  for the proposed
          transferee,  a complete copy of the proposed assignment,  sublease and
          other contractual documents and such other information as Landlord may
          reasonably request. Landlord shall, by written notice to Tenant within
          30 days of its receipt of the required  information and documentation,
          either:  (1)  consent to the  Transfer by the  execution  of a consent
          agreement in a form  reasonably  designated  by Landlord or reasonably
          refuse to consent to the  Transfer in  writing;  or (2)  exercise  its
          right to  terminate  this  Lease with  respect  to the  portion of the
          Premises  that  Tenant is  proposing  to assign  or  sublet.  Any such
          termination  shall be effective on the proposed  effective date of the
          Transfer for which Tenant requested consent. Tenant shall pay Landlord
          a review  fee of  $2,000.00  for  Landlord's  review of any  Permitted
          Transfer  or  requested   Transfer,   provided  if  Landlord's  actual
          reasonable costs and expenses (including  reasonable  attorney's fees)
          exceed  $2,000.00,  Tenant  shall  reimburse  Landlord  for its actual
          reasonable costs and expenses in lieu of a fixed review fee.

     C.   Tenant  shall pay  Landlord  50% of all rent and  other  consideration
          which Tenant  receives as a result of a Transfer  that is in excess of
          the Rent  payable to Landlord for the portion of the Premises and Term
          covered by the  Transfer.  Tenant shall pay  Landlord  for  Landlord's
          share of any  excess  within 30 days  after  Tenant's  receipt of such
          excess consideration. Tenant may deduct from the excess all reasonable
          and customary expenses directly incurred by Tenant attributable to the
          Transfer  (other than  Landlord's  review  fee),  including  marketing
          costs,  brokerage fees, legal fees and construction  costs. Tenant may
          also  deduct  from the  excess  any  amount of rent not paid to Tenant
          under  the  Permitted  Sublease.  If  Tenant  is in  Monetary  Default
          (defined in Section  XIX.A.  below),  Landlord  may  require  that all
          sublease  payments be made directly to Landlord,  in which case Tenant
          shall  receive a credit  against  Rent in the  amount of any  payments
          received (less Landlord's share of any excess).

     D.   Except as  provided  below with  respect to a Permitted  Transfer,  if
          Tenant is a corporation,  limited liability company,  partnership,  or
          similar entity, and if the entity which owns or controls a majority of
          the voting shares/rights at any time changes for any reason (including
          but not limited to a merger,  consolidation or  reorganization),  such
          change of  ownership  or control  shall  constitute  a  Transfer.  The
          foregoing  shall  not  apply  so long as  Tenant  is an  entity  whose
          outstanding stock is listed on a recognized  security exchange,  or if
          at least  80% of its  voting  stock is owned by  another  entity,  the
          voting stock of which is so listed.

     E.   Tenant may assign its entire  interest under this Lease to a successor
          to Tenant by purchase, merger, consolidation or reorganization without
          the consent of Landlord, provided that all of the following conditions
          are satisfied (a "Permitted  Transfer"):  (1) Tenant is not in default
          under this Lease;  (2) Tenant's  successor shall own all or a majority
          of the assets of Tenant; (3) Tenant's successor shall have a net worth
          which is at least equal to the  greater of  Tenant's  net worth at the
          date of this  Lease or  Tenant's  net worth as of the day prior to the
          proposed purchase,  merger,  consolidation or reorganization;  (4) the
          Permitted  Use does  not  allow  the  Premises  to be used for  retail
          purposes;  and (5) Tenant shall give Landlord  written notice at least
          30 days prior to the effective date of the proposed purchase,  merger,
          consolidation  or  reorganization.  Tenant's  notice to Landlord shall
          include  information and documentation  showing that each of the above
          conditions  has been  satisfied.  If requested  by Landlord,  Tenant's
          successor  shall sign a  commercially  reasonable  form of  assumption
          agreement.

XIII. Liens.

     Tenant  shall not permit  mechanic's  or other  liens to be placed upon the
Property, Premises or Tenant's leasehold interest in connection with any work or
service done or  purportedly  done by or for benefit of Tenant.  If a lien is so
placed,  Tenant  shall,  within 10 days of notice from Landlord of the filing of
the lien,  fully  discharge the lien by settling the claim which resulted in the
lien or by bonding or  insuring  over the lien in the manner  prescribed  by the
applicable lien Law. If Tenant fails to discharge the lien, then, in addition to
any other right or remedy of Landlord, Landlord may bond or insure over the lien
or otherwise  discharge the lien. Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for any amount
paid by  Landlord  to bond or  insure  over  the  lien or  discharge  the  lien,
including, without limitation,  reasonable attorneys' fees (if and to the extent
permitted by Law) within 30 days after receipt of an invoice from Landlord.

XIV.  Indemnity and Waiver of Claims.

     A.   Except to the extent caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of
          Landlord or any Landlord Related Parties (defined below), Tenant shall
          indemnify,   defend  and  hold   Landlord,   its  trustees,   members,
          principals,  beneficiaries,  partners, officers, directors, employees,
          Mortgagee(s)  (defined in Article XXVI) and agents ("Landlord  Related
          Parties")  harmless  against  and from all  liabilities,  obligations,
          damages,  penalties,  claims,  actions,  costs,  charges and expenses,
          including,  without limitation,  reasonable  attorneys' fees and other
          professional  fees (if and to the extent  permitted by Law), which may
          be imposed upon,  incurred by or asserted  against  Landlord or any of
          the Landlord  Related Parties and arising out of or in connection with
          any  damage  or  injury  occurring  in the  Premises  or any  acts  or
          omissions (including  violations of Law) of Tenant, the Tenant Related
          Parties (defined below) or any of Tenant's transferees, contractors or
          licensees.

     B.   Except to the extent caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of
          Tenant or any Tenant Related Parties (defined  below),  Landlord shall
          indemnify, defend and hold Tenant, its trustees, members,  principals,
          beneficiaries,  partners,  officers,  directors,  employees and agents
          ("Tenant Related Parties")  harmless against and from all liabilities,
          obligations,  damages, penalties,  claims, actions, costs, charges and
          expenses,  including,  without limitation,  reasonable attorneys' fees
          and other  professional  fees (if and to the extent permitted by Law),
          which may be imposed upon,  incurred by or asserted  against Tenant or
          any of the Tenant Related  Parties and arising out of or in connection
          with the acts or omissions (including  violations of Law) of Landlord,
          the Landlord Related Parties or any of Landlord's contractors.

     C.   Landlord and the Landlord Related Parties shall not be liable for, and
          Tenant waives,  all claims for loss or damage to Tenant's  business or
          loss,  theft or damage to  Tenant's  Property  or the  property of any
          person  claiming by, through or under Tenant  resulting from: (1) wind
          or   weather;   (2)  the   failure  of  any   sprinkler,   heating  or
          air-conditioning  equipment,  any electric wiring or any gas, water or
          steam pipes;  (3) the backing up of any sewer pipe or  downspout;  (4)
          the bursting,  leaking or running of any tank, water closet,  drain or
          other pipe;  (5) water,  snow or ice upon or coming  through the roof,
          skylight, stairs, doorways,  windows, walks or any other place upon or
          near the  Building;  (6) any act or  omission  of any party other than
          Landlord  or  Landlord  Related  Parties;   and  (7)  any  causes  not
          reasonably within the control of Landlord.  Tenant shall insure itself
          against such losses under Article XV below.

XV.   Insurance.

     Tenant  shall  carry  and  maintain  the  following  insurance   ("Tenant's
Insurance"),  at its sole cost and expense:  (1)  Commercial  General  Liability
Insurance  applicable  to the Premises and its  appurtenances  providing,  on an
occurrence basis, a minimum combined single limit of $2,000,000.00; (2) All Risk
Property/Business   Interruption  Insurance,  including  flood  and  earthquake,
written  at  replacement  cost  value and with a  replacement  cost  endorsement
covering all of Tenant's trade fixtures, equipment, furniture and other personal
property within the Premises ("Tenant's  Property");  (3) Workers'  Compensation
Insurance  as  required  by the state in which the  Premises  is located  and in
amounts as may be required by applicable  statute;  and (4) Employers  Liability
Coverage of at least  $1,000,000.00  per occurrence.  Any company writing any of
Tenant's  Insurance shall have an A.M. Best rating of not less than A-VIII.  All
Commercial  General  Liability  Insurance  policies shall name Tenant as a named
insured and Landlord (or any  successor),  Equity  Office  Properties  Trust,  a
Maryland real estate  investment  trust, EOP Operating  Limited  Partnership,  a
Delaware  limited  partnership,   and  their  respective  members,   principals,
beneficiaries,  partners, officers, directors,  employees, and agents, and other
designees  of  Landlord as the  interest  of such  designees  shall  appear,  as
additional   insureds.   All  policies  of  Tenant's   Insurance  shall  contain
endorsements  that the insurer(s) shall give Landlord and its designees at least
30 days' advance  written  notice of any change,  cancellation,  termination  or
lapse  of  insurance.  Tenant  shall  provide  Landlord  with a  certificate  of
insurance  evidencing  Tenant's  Insurance  prior to the earlier to occur of the
Commencement Date or the date Tenant is provided with possession of the Premises
for any reason,  and upon  renewals at least 15 days prior to the  expiration of
the  insurance  coverage.  So long  as the  same is  available  at  commercially
reasonable rates,  Landlord shall maintain so called All Risk property insurance
on the Building at replacement cost value, as reasonably  estimated by Landlord.
Except as specifically  provided to the contrary,  the limits of either party's'
insurance shall not limit such party's liability under this Lease.

XVI.  Subrogation.

     Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, Landlord and Tenant
hereby waive and shall cause their  respective  insurance  carriers to waive any
and all rights of recovery,  claim, action or causes of action against the other
and their respective trustees,  principals,  beneficiaries,  partners, officers,
directors,  agents,  and  employees,  for any loss or  damage  that may occur to
Landlord  or Tenant or any party  claiming  by,  through  or under  Landlord  or
Tenant, as the case may be, with respect to Tenant's Property, the Building, the
Premises,  any  additions or  improvements  to the Building or Premises,  or any
contents thereof, including all rights of recovery, claims, actions or causes of
action arising out of the negligence of Landlord or any Landlord Related Parties
or the negligence of Tenant or any Tenant Related Parties,  which loss or damage
is (or would have been,  had the insurance  required by this Lease been carried)
covered by insurance.

XVII. Casualty Damage.

     A.   If all or any  part of the  Premises  is  damaged  by  fire  or  other
          casualty,  Tenant shall immediately notify Landlord in writing. During
          any period of time that all or a material  portion of the  Premises is
          rendered  untenantable  as a result of a fire or other  casualty,  the
          Rent shall abate for the portion of the Premises that is  untenantable
          and not used by Tenant.  Landlord  shall  have the right to  terminate
          this  Lease  if:  (1) the  Building  shall  be  damaged  so  that,  in
          Landlord's    reasonable   judgment,    substantial    alteration   or
          reconstruction  of the Building shall be required  (whether or not the
          Premises has been  damaged);  (2) Landlord is not  permitted by Law to
          rebuild the Building in substantially  the same form as existed before
          the fire or casualty;  (3) the Premises have been  materially  damaged
          and  there is less than 2 years of the Term  remaining  on the date of
          the  casualty;  or (4)  any  Mortgagee  requires  that  the  insurance
          proceeds be applied to the payment of the mortgage debt.  Landlord may
          exercise  its right to  terminate  this Lease by  notifying  Tenant in
          writing  within 90 days after the date of the  casualty.  If  Landlord
          does not terminate  this Lease,  Landlord  shall  commence and proceed
          with  reasonable  diligence to repair and restore the Building and the
          Leasehold Improvements  (excluding any Alterations that were performed
          by Tenant in  violation  of this  Lease).  However,  in no event shall
          Landlord  be  required  to  spend  more  than the  insurance  proceeds
          received  by  Landlord.  Landlord  shall not be liable for any loss or
          damage to Tenant's  Property or to the business of Tenant resulting in
          any way  from  the  fire or other  casualty  or from  the  repair  and
          restoration  of the  damage.  Landlord  and  Tenant  hereby  waive the
          provisions  of any  Law  relating  to the  matters  addressed  in this
          Article,  and agree  that  their  respective  rights  for damage to or
          destruction  of the Premises shall be those  specifically  provided in
          this Lease.

     B.   If all or any portion of the Premises  shall be made  untenantable  by
          fire or other casualty,  Landlord shall,  with reasonable  promptness,
          cause an  architect  or general  contractor  selected  by  Landlord to
          provide  Landlord and Tenant with a written  estimate of the amount of
          time required to substantially  complete the repair and restoration of
          the Premises and make the Premises  tenantable  again,  using standard
          working methods  ("Completion  Estimate").  If the Completion Estimate
          indicates that the Premises cannot be made tenantable  within 180 days
          from the date the repair and  restoration is started,  then regardless
          of anything in Section  XVII.A  above to the  contrary,  either  party
          shall have the right to terminate  this Lease by giving written notice
          to the other of such  election  within 10 days  after  receipt  of the
          Completion  Estimate.  Tenant,  however,  shall  not have the right to
          terminate  this  Lease  if the  fire or  casualty  was  caused  by the
          negligence or intentional misconduct of Tenant, Tenant Related Parties
          or any of Tenant's transferees, contractors or licensees.

XVIII.    Condemnation.

     Either party may terminate  this Lease if the whole or any material part of
the Premises  shall be taken or  condemned  for any public or  quasi-public  use
under Law, by eminent  domain or private  purchase in lieu thereof (a "Taking").
Landlord  shall also have the right to terminate this Lease if there is a Taking
of any portion of the  Building or Property  which would leave the  remainder of
the Building  unsuitable for use as an office building in a manner comparable to
the  Building's  use  prior to the  Taking.  In order to  exercise  its right to
terminate  the Lease,  Landlord  or  Tenant,  as the case may be,  must  provide
written notice of termination to the other within 45 days after the  terminating
party  first  receives  notice  of the  Taking.  Any such  termination  shall be
effective as of the date the  physical  taking of the Premises or the portion of
the Building or Property occurs.  If this Lease is not terminated,  the Rentable
Square Footage of the Building,  the Rentable Square Footage of the Premises and
Tenant's Pro Rata Share shall,  if applicable,  be  appropriately  adjusted.  In
addition,  Rent for any  portion of the  Premises  taken or  condemned  shall be
abated  during the  unexpired  Term of this Lease  effective  when the  physical
taking of the portion of the Premises  occurs.  All  compensation  awarded for a
Taking,  or sale  proceeds,  shall be the  property  of  Landlord,  any right to
receive  compensation  or proceeds being  expressly  waived by Tenant.  However,
Tenant  may file a  separate  claim at its sole cost and  expense  for  Tenant's
Property and Tenant's reasonable relocation expenses, provided the filing of the
claim does not  diminish  the award  which  would  otherwise  be  receivable  by
Landlord.

XIX.  Events of Default.

     Tenant  shall  be  considered  to be in  default  of this  Lease  upon  the
occurrence of any of the following events of default:

     A.   Tenant's  failure to pay when due all or any  portion of the Rent,  if
          the  failure  continues  for 3 days  after  written  notice  to Tenant
          ("Monetary Default").

     B.   Tenant's  failure  (other than a Monetary  Default) to comply with any
          term, provision or covenant of this Lease, if the failure is not cured
          within 10 days after written  notice to Tenant.  However,  if Tenant's
          failure to comply cannot  reasonably  be cured within 10 days,  Tenant
          shall  be  allowed  additional  time  (not to  exceed  60  days) as is
          reasonably  necessary  to cure  the  failure  so long as:  (1)  Tenant
          commences  to  cure  the  failure  within  10  days,  and  (2)  Tenant
          diligently  pursues a course of action  that will cure the failure and
          bring Tenant back into compliance with the Lease. However, if Tenant's
          failure to comply creates a hazardous  condition,  the failure must be
          cured  immediately  upon notice to Tenant.  In  addition,  if Landlord
          provides  Tenant with  notice of  Tenant's  failure to comply with any
          particular  term,  provision  or  covenant of the Lease on 3 occasions
          during any 12 month  period,  Tenant's  subsequent  violation  of such
          term,  provision  or  covenant  shall,  at  Landlord's  option,  be an
          incurable event of default by Tenant.

     C.   Tenant or any Guarantor becomes  insolvent,  makes a transfer in fraud
          of creditors or makes an assignment  for the benefit of creditors,  or
          admits in writing its inability to pay its debts when due.

     D.   The leasehold estate is taken by process or operation of Law.

     E.   In the case of any ground floor or retail Tenant, Tenant does not take
          possession  of, or  abandons  or  vacates  all or any  portion  of the
          Premises.

     F.   Tenant is in default beyond any notice and cure period under any other
          lease or agreement with Landlord,  including,  without limitation, any
          lease or agreement for parking.

XX.   Remedies.

     A.   Upon any  default,  Landlord  shall have the right  without  notice or
          demand (except as provided in Article XIX) to pursue any of its rights
          and  remedies  at Law or in equity,  including  any one or more of the
          following remedies:

          1.   Terminate  this  Lease,  in which case Tenant  shall  immediately
               surrender the Premises to Landlord.  If Tenant fails to surrender
               the Premises, Landlord may, in compliance with applicable Law and
               without  prejudice  to any other right or remedy,  enter upon and
               take  possession  of the  Premises  and expel and remove  Tenant,
               Tenant's  Property and any party occupying all or any part of the
               Premises.  Tenant  shall pay Landlord on demand the amount of all
               past due Rent and other  losses and damages  which  Landlord  may
               suffer as a result of  Tenant's  default,  whether by  Landlord's
               inability  to  relet  the  Premises  on  satisfactory   terms  or
               otherwise,  including, without limitation, all Costs of Reletting
               (defined  below) and any deficiency that may arise from reletting
               or the failure to relet the Premises.  "Costs of Reletting" shall
               include all costs and expenses  incurred by Landlord in reletting
               or  attempting  to  relet  the   Premises,   including,   without
               limitation,  reasonable legal fees,  brokerage  commissions,  the
               cost of  alterations  and  the  value  of  other  concessions  or
               allowances granted to a new tenant.

          2.   Terminate  Tenant's  right to  possession of the Premises and, in
               compliance with applicable Law, expel and remove Tenant, Tenant's
               Property  and  any  parties  occupying  all  or any  part  of the
               Premises.  Landlord may (but shall not be obligated to) relet all
               or any part of the Premises, without notice to Tenant, for a term
               that may be greater  or less than the  balance of the Term and on
               such  conditions  (which may include  concessions,  free rent and
               alterations of the Premises) and for such uses as Landlord in its
               absolute  discretion  shall  determine.  Landlord may collect and
               receive  all rents and other  income from the  reletting.  Tenant
               shall  pay  Landlord  on demand  all past due Rent,  all Costs of
               Reletting  and any  deficiency  arising  from  the  reletting  or
               failure to relet the Premises.  Landlord shall not be responsible
               or  liable  for  the  failure  to  relet  all or any  part of the
               Premises or for the failure to collect any Rent.  The re-entry or
               taking of possession of the Premises shall not be construed as an
               election  by Landlord to  terminate  this Lease  unless a written
               notice of termination is given to Tenant.

          3.   In lieu of calculating  damages under  Sections  XX.A.1 or XX.A.2
               above,  Landlord  may elect to receive as damages  the sum of (a)
               all Rent accrued through the date of termination of this Lease or
               Tenant's  right to  possession,  and (b) an  amount  equal to the
               total Rent that  Tenant  would have been  required to pay for the
               remainder of the Term  discounted  to present  value at the Prime
               Rate (defined in Section XX.B.  below) then in effect,  minus the
               then present fair rental value of the Premises for the  remainder
               of  the  Term,   similarly   discounted,   after   deducting  all
               anticipated Costs of Reletting.

     B.   Unless   expressly   provided  in  this  Lease,  the  repossession  or
          re-entering  of all or any  part of the  Premises  shall  not  relieve
          Tenant of its liabilities and obligations under the Lease. No right or
          remedy of Landlord  shall be  exclusive  of any other right or remedy.
          Each right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to any other
          right and remedy now or  subsequently  available to Landlord at Law or
          in equity.  If Landlord  declares  Tenant to be in  default,  Landlord
          shall be entitled to receive  interest on any unpaid item of Rent at a
          rate equal to the Prime Rate plus 4%. For purposes hereof,  the "Prime
          Rate" shall be the per annum  interest rate publicly  announced as its
          prime or base rate by a federally insured bank selected by Landlord in
          the state in which the Building is located. Forbearance by Landlord to
          enforce  one or more  remedies  shall not  constitute  a waiver of any
          default.

XXI.  Limitation of Liability.

     NOTWITHSTANDING  ANYTHING TO THE  CONTRARY  CONTAINED  IN THIS  LEASE,  THE
LIABILITY OF LANDLORD (AND OF ANY SUCCESSOR LANDLORD) TO TENANT SHALL BE LIMITED
TO THE  INTEREST  OF  LANDLORD  IN THE  PROPERTY.  TENANT  SHALL LOOK  SOLELY TO
LANDLORD'S  INTEREST IN THE  PROPERTY  FOR THE RECOVERY OF ANY JUDGMENT OR AWARD
AGAINST  LANDLORD.  NEITHER  LANDLORD  NOR ANY LANDLORD  RELATED  PARTY SHALL BE
PERSONALLY  LIABLE FOR ANY  JUDGMENT OR  DEFICIENCY.  BEFORE  FILING SUIT FOR AN
ALLEGED  DEFAULT BY LANDLORD,  TENANT SHALL GIVE  LANDLORD AND THE  MORTGAGEE(S)
(DEFINED IN ARTICLE  XXVI BELOW) WHOM TENANT HAS BEEN  NOTIFIED  HOLD  MORTGAGES
(DEFINED IN ARTICLE XXVI BELOW) ON THE  PROPERTY,  BUILDING OR PREMISES,  NOTICE
AND REASONABLE TIME TO CURE THE ALLEGED DEFAULT.

XXII. No Waiver.

     Either  party's  failure  to  declare  a  default   immediately   upon  its
occurrence,  or delay in taking  action  for a default  shall not  constitute  a
waiver of the  default,  nor shall it  constitute  an estoppel.  Either  party's
failure to enforce its rights for a default shall not constitute a waiver of its
rights regarding any subsequent default. Receipt by Landlord of Tenant's keys to
the Premises shall not constitute an acceptance or surrender of the Premises.

XXIII.  Quiet Enjoyment.

     Tenant shall, and may peacefully have, hold and enjoy the Premises, subject
to the terms of this Lease, provided Tenant pays the Rent and fully performs all
of its  covenants  and  agreements.  This  covenant  and all other  covenants of
Landlord  shall be binding upon Landlord and its  successors  only during its or
their  respective  periods  of  ownership  of the  Building,  and shall not be a
personal covenant of Landlord or the Landlord Related Parties.

XXIV. Relocation.

      Intentionally deleted.

XXV.  Holding Over.

     Except for any permitted  occupancy by Tenant under Article VIII, if Tenant
fails to surrender the Premises at the expiration or earlier termination of this
Lease,  occupancy of the Premises after the  termination or expiration  shall be
that of a tenancy at sufferance.  Tenant's  occupancy of the Premises during the
holdover  shall be  subject  to all the terms and  provisions  of this Lease and
Tenant shall pay an amount (on a per month basis  without  reduction for partial
months during the holdover)  equal to 150% of the greater of: (1) the sum of the
Base Rent and  Additional  Rent due for the  period  immediately  preceding  the
holdover;  or (2) the fair market gross  rental for the  Premises as  reasonably
determined  by  Landlord.  No holdover by Tenant or payment by Tenant  after the
expiration or early  termination  of this Lease shall be construed to extend the
Term or prevent  Landlord from immediate  recovery of possession of the Premises
by summary  proceedings or otherwise.  In addition to the payment of the amounts
provided above, if Landlord is unable to deliver possession of the Premises to a
new tenant, or to perform improvements for a new tenant, as a result of Tenant's
holdover and Tenant fails to vacate the Premises  within 15 days after  Landlord
notifies  Tenant of  Landlord's  inability  to  deliver  possession,  or perform
improvements,  Tenant shall be liable to Landlord for all damages that  Landlord
suffers from the holdover.

XXVI. Subordination to Mortgages; Estoppel Certificate.

     Tenant  accepts  this Lease  subject and  subordinate  to any  mortgage(s),
deed(s) of trust,  ground lease(s) or other lien(s) now or subsequently  arising
upon the Premises, the Building or the Property, and to renewals, modifications,
refinancings and extensions thereof (collectively  referred to as a "Mortgage").
The party  having  the  benefit  of a Mortgage  or the  ground  lessor  shall be
referred to as a  "Mortgagee".  This clause  shall be  self-operative,  but upon
request  from a  Mortgagee,  Tenant  shall  execute  a  commercially  reasonable
subordination  agreement  in  favor  of the  Mortgagee.  In lieu of  having  the
Mortgage be superior to this Lease, a Mortgagee shall have the right at any time
to   subordinate   its   Mortgage   to   this   Lease.   If   requested   by   a
successor-in-interest  to all or a part of  Landlord's  interest  in the  Lease,
Tenant shall, without charge, attorn to the successor-in-interest.  Landlord and
Tenant shall each,  within 10 days after  receipt of a written  request from the
other,  execute  and  deliver an estoppel  certificate  to those  parties as are
reasonably  requested  by  the  other  (including  a  Mortgagee  or  prospective
purchaser).  The estoppel  certificate shall include a statement certifying that
this Lease is unmodified (except as identified in the estoppel  certificate) and
in full force and effect,  describing  the dates to which Rent and other charges
have been paid, representing that, to such party's actual knowledge, there is no
default  (or stating the nature of the alleged  default)  and  indicating  other
matters  with  respect  to  the  Lease  that  may   reasonably   be   requested.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon written request by Tenant, Landlord will use
reasonable  efforts to obtain a  non-disturbance,  subordination  and attornment
agreement  from  Landlord's  then  current  Mortgagee on such  Mortgagee's  then
current standard form of agreement.  "Reasonable  efforts" of Landlord shall not
require  Landlord  to incur any  cost,  expense  or  liability  to  obtain  such
agreement,  it being  agreed that  Tenant  shall be  responsible  for any fee or
review costs  charged by the  Mortgagee.  Upon request of Landlord,  Tenant will
execute the Mortgagee's form of  non-disturbance,  subordination  and attornment
agreement  and return  the same to  Landlord  for  execution  by the  Mortgagee.
Landlord's  failure to obtain a  non-disturbance,  subordination  and attornment
agreement  for  Tenant  shall  have no effect  on the  rights,  obligations  and
liabilities  of Landlord and Tenant or be considered to be a Default by Landlord
hereunder.

XXVII.  Attorneys' Fees.

     If either party  institutes a suit against the other for violation of or to
enforce any covenant or condition of this Lease,  or if either party  intervenes
in any suit in which the other is a party to enforce or protect its  interest or
rights, the prevailing party shall be entitled to all of its costs and expenses,
including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees.

XXVIII. Notice.

     If a demand, request, approval, consent or notice (collectively referred to
as a "notice")  shall or may be given to either  party by the other,  the notice
shall be in writing and  delivered  by hand or sent by  registered  or certified
mail with return  receipt  requested,  or sent by  overnight or same day courier
service at the party's  respective  Notice  Address(es)  set forth in Article I,
except  that if Tenant has vacated the  Premises  (or if the Notice  Address for
Tenant is other than the Premises,  and Tenant has vacated such address) without
providing Landlord a new Notice Address, Landlord may serve notice in any manner
described in this Article or in any other manner  permitted by Law.  Each notice
shall be deemed to have been received or given on the earlier to occur of actual
delivery or the date on which delivery is refused, or, if Tenant has vacated the
Premises or the other Notice  Address of Tenant  without  providing a new Notice
Address,  three (3) days after notice is  deposited  in the U.S.  mail or with a
courier service in the manner  described  above.  Either party may, at any time,
change its Notice  Address by giving the other party  written  notice of the new
address in the manner described in this Article.

XXIX. Excepted Rights.

     This  Lease  does not  grant  any  rights to light or air over or about the
Building.  Landlord  excepts and reserves  exclusively to itself the use of: (1)
roofs, (2) telephone,  electrical and janitorial  closets,  (3) equipment rooms,
Building  risers or similar areas that are used by Landlord for the provision of
Building  services,  (4) rights to the land and improvements  below the floor of
the Premises,  (5) the improvements  and air rights above the Premises,  (6) the
improvements and air rights outside the demising walls of the Premises,  and (7)
the areas within the Premises  used for the  installation  of utility  lines and
other installations serving occupants of the Building. Landlord has the right to
change the Building's name or address.  Landlord also has the right to make such
other  changes to the  Property  and  Building  as Landlord  deems  appropriate,
provided  the  changes  do not  materially  affect  Tenant's  ability to use the
Premises for the Permitted Use.  Landlord shall also have the right (but not the
obligation) to temporarily close the Building if Landlord reasonably  determines
that there is an imminent  danger of  significant  damage to the  Building or of
personal  injury to Landlord's  employees or the occupants of the Building.  The
circumstances  under which  Landlord may  temporarily  close the Building  shall
include,  without  limitation,  electrical  interruptions,  hurricanes and civil
disturbances.  A closure  of the  Building  under such  circumstances  shall not
constitute  a  constructive  eviction  nor  entitle  Tenant to an  abatement  or
reduction of Rent.

XXX. Surrender of Premises.

     At the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease or Tenant's right of
possession,  Tenant shall remove Tenant's  Property (defined in Article XV) from
the Premises, and quit and surrender the Premises to Landlord,  broom clean, and
in good order,  condition and repair,  ordinary wear and tear and damage by fire
or other  casualty  for which  Landlord is required  to make  repairs  hereunder
excepted.  Tenant  shall also be required to remove the Required  Removables  in
accordance with Article VIII. If Tenant fails to remove any of Tenant's Property
within 5 days  after  the  termination  of this  Lease or of  Tenant's  right to
possession,  Landlord, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, shall be entitled (but
not  obligated) to remove and store  Tenant's  Property.  Landlord  shall not be
responsible  for the value,  preservation  or safekeeping of Tenant's  Property.
Tenant  shall pay  Landlord,  upon  demand,  the  expenses  and storage  charges
incurred for Tenant's Property.  In addition, if Tenant fails to remove Tenant's
Property from the Premises or storage,  as the case may be, within 30 days after
written  notice,  Landlord  may deem all or any part of Tenant's  Property to be
abandoned,  and title to  Tenant's  Property  shall be deemed to be  immediately
vested in Landlord.

XXXI. Miscellaneous.

     A.   This Lease and the  rights and  obligations  of the  parties  shall be
          interpreted, construed and enforced in accordance with the Laws of the
          state in which the Building is located and Landlord and Tenant  hereby
          irrevocably  consent  to the  jurisdiction  and  proper  venue of such
          state.  If any term or  provision of this Lease shall to any extent be
          invalid or  unenforceable,  the  remainder  of this Lease shall not be
          affected, and each provision of this Lease shall be valid and enforced
          to the fullest extent permitted by Law. The headings and titles to the
          Articles and Sections of this Lease are for convenience only and shall
          have no effect on the interpretation of any part of the Lease.

     B.   Tenant  shall  not  record  this  Lease  or  any  memorandum   without
          Landlord's prior written consent.

     C.   Landlord  and  Tenant  hereby  waive any right to trial by jury in any
          proceeding based upon a breach of this Lease.

     D.   Whenever a period of time is prescribed for the taking of an action by
          Landlord  or Tenant,  the period of time for the  performance  of such
          action shall be extended by the number of days that the performance is
          actually  delayed due to strikes,  acts of God,  shortages of labor or
          materials,  war,  civil  disturbances  and  other  causes  beyond  the
          reasonable control of the performing party ("Force Majeure"). However,
          events of Force  Majeure  shall not  extend any period of time for the
          payment of Rent or other sums payable by either party or any period of
          time for the written exercise of an option or right by either party.

     E.   Landlord  shall have the right to transfer and assign,  in whole or in
          part,  all of its rights and  obligations  under this Lease and in the
          Building  and/or Property  referred to herein,  and upon such transfer
          Landlord shall be released from any further obligations hereunder, and
          Tenant  agrees to look solely to the successor in interest of Landlord
          for the performance of such obligations,  provided that, any successor
          pursuant to a voluntary,  third-party  transfer (but not as part of an
          involuntary  transfer  resulting  from a  foreclosure  or deed in lieu
          thereof) shall have assumed  Landlord's  obligations  under this Lease
          either by contractual obligation, assumption agreement or by operation
          of Law.

     F.   Tenant  represents  that it has dealt  directly with and only with the
          Broker  as a broker  in  connection  with  this  Lease.  Tenant  shall
          indemnify and hold Landlord and the Landlord  Related Parties harmless
          from all  claims of any other  brokers  claiming  to have  represented
          Tenant in connection with this Lease. Landlord agrees to indemnify and
          hold Tenant and the Tenant Related Parties harmless from all claims of
          any brokers claiming to have  represented  Landlord in connection with
          this Lease.

     G.   Tenant  covenants,  warrants and represents  that: (1) each individual
          executing,  attesting and/or delivering this Lease on behalf of Tenant
          is authorized to do so on behalf of Tenant;  (2) this Lease is binding
          upon Tenant;  and (3) Tenant is duly organized and legally existing in
          the state of its  organization  and is qualified to do business in the
          state in which the  Premises  are  located.  If there is more than one
          Tenant,  or if Tenant is  comprised  of more than one party or entity,
          the  obligations  imposed  upon  Tenant  shall  be joint  and  several
          obligations  of all the parties and  entities.  Notices,  payments and
          agreements given or made by, with or to any one person or entity shall
          be deemed to have been given or made by, with and to all of them.

     H.   Time is of the  essence  with  respect  to  Tenant's  exercise  of any
          expansion,  renewal or extension rights granted to Tenant.  This Lease
          shall create only the  relationship of landlord and tenant between the
          parties,   and  not  a   partnership,   joint  venture  or  any  other
          relationship.  This Lease and the  covenants  and  conditions  in this
          Lease  shall  inure only to the  benefit  of and be binding  only upon
          Landlord and Tenant and their permitted successors and assigns.

     I.   The  expiration  of the Term,  whether by lapse of time or  otherwise,
          shall not relieve either party of any obligations  which accrued prior
          to or which may  continue  to accrue  after  the  expiration  or early
          termination  of this Lease.  Without  limiting  the scope of the prior
          sentence,  it is agreed that Tenant's obligations under Sections IV.A,
          IV.B.,  VIII,  XIV, XX, XXV and XXX shall  survive the  expiration  or
          early termination of this Lease.

     J.   Landlord  has  delivered  a copy of this Lease to Tenant for  Tenant's
          review only,  and the delivery of it does not  constitute  an offer to
          Tenant or an option.  This Lease  shall not be  effective  against any
          party hereto until an original  copy of this Lease has been signed and
          properly delivered by such party.

     K.   All understandings and agreements  previously made between the parties
          are  superseded  by this Lease,  and neither party is relying upon any
          warranty,  statement or  representation  not  contained in this Lease.
          This  Lease  may be  modified  only by a written  agreement  signed by
          Landlord and Tenant.

     L.   Tenant,  within 15 days after request,  shall provide  Landlord with a
          current  financial  statement  as filed  with  the SEC and such  other
          information as Landlord may  reasonably  request.  Landlord,  however,
          shall not require Tenant to provide such  information  unless Landlord
          is requested to produce the  information in connection with a proposed
          financing or sale of the  Building.  Upon  written  request by Tenant,
          Landlord  shall enter into a commercially  reasonable  confidentiality
          agreement  covering any confidential  information that is disclosed by
          Tenant.

XXXII. Entire Agreement.

     This Lease and the following exhibits and attachments constitute the entire
agreement   between  the  parties  and  supersede  all  prior   agreements   and
understandings related to the Premises,  including all lease proposals,  letters
of intent and other  documents:  Exhibit A (Outline and  Location of  Premises),
Exhibit B (Rules and Regulations),  Exhibit C (Commencement  Letter),  Exhibit D
(Work Letter Agreement), Exhibit E (Additional Provisions),  Exhibit F (Offering
Space),  Exhibit  G  (Sample  Landlord  Consent  To  Sublease),  and  Exhibit  H
(Janitorial Specifications).

     Landlord and Tenant have  executed  this Lease as of the day and year first
above written.

WITNESS/ATTEST:                 LANDLORD:

                                EOP-TWO  LAFAYETTE,  L.L.C.,  a Delaware limited
                                liability company

                                By:  EOP  Operating   Limited   Partnership,   a
                                     Delaware  limited  partnership,   its  sole
                                     member

                                     By: Equity  Office   Properties   Trust,  a
                                         Maryland real estate  investment trust,
                                         its general partner
--------------------------
                                         By:   __________________________
Name (print):  ________________
                                         Name: __________________________
---------------------------
                                         Title:   __________________________
Name (print):  ________________



WITNESS/ATTEST:                 TENANT:

                                FEDERAL  AGRICULTURAL  MORTGAGE  CORPORATION,  a
                                federally chartered corporation

___________________________     By:   _____________________________

Name (print):  ________________ Name: _____________________________

___________________________     Title:   _____________________________

Name (print):  ________________



<PAGE>






                                    EXHIBIT A

                                    PREMISES


     This  Exhibit is  attached to and made a part of the Lease dated as of June
28, 2001, by and between EOP-TWO LAFAYETTE, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability
company ("Landlord") and FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION,  a federally
chartered corporation  ("Tenant") for space in the Building located at 1133 21st
Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20036.



<PAGE>



                                    EXHIBIT B

                         BUILDING RULES AND REGULATIONS

     The following rules and regulations shall apply,  where applicable,  to the
Premises,  the  Building,  the parking  garage (if any),  the  Property  and the
appurtenances. Capitalized terms have the same meaning as defined in the Lease.

     1.   Sidewalks,  doorways,  vestibules,  halls, stairways and other similar
          areas  shall not be  obstructed  by  Tenant or used by Tenant  for any
          purpose  other than  ingress and egress to and from the  Premises.  No
          rubbish,  litter,  trash,  or material  shall be placed,  emptied,  or
          thrown  in  those  areas.  At no time  shall  Tenant  permit  Tenant's
          employees to loiter in Common Areas or elsewhere about the Building or
          Property.

     2.   Plumbing  fixtures and appliances  shall be used only for the purposes
          for  which  designed,  and  no  sweepings,   rubbish,  rags  or  other
          unsuitable  material  shall be thrown or  placed  in the  fixtures  or
          appliances.  Damage resulting to fixtures or appliances by Tenant, its
          agents,  employees  or  invitees,  shall  be paid for by  Tenant,  and
          Landlord shall not be responsible for the damage.

     3.   No signs,  advertisements  or  notices  shall be painted or affixed to
          windows,  doors or other parts of the  Building,  except those of such
          color, size, style and in such places as are first approved in writing
          by  Landlord.  All  tenant  identification  and suite  numbers  at the
          entrance to the Premises  shall be installed by Landlord,  at Tenant's
          cost and expense, using the standard graphics for the Building. Except
          in  connection  with the  hanging  of  lightweight  pictures  and wall
          decorations, no nails, hooks or screws shall be inserted into any part
          of  the  Premises  or  Building  except  by the  Building  maintenance
          personnel.

     4.   Landlord  will provide and maintain in the first floor (main lobby) of
          the Building an alphabetical directory board or other directory device
          listing  tenants,  and no other  directory  shall be permitted  unless
          previously consented to by Landlord in writing.

     5.   Tenant  shall not place any  lock(s)  on any door in the  Premises  or
          Building  without  Landlord's prior written consent and Landlord shall
          have the  right to  retain  at all  times and to use keys to all locks
          within and into the Premises. A reasonable number of keys to the locks
          on the entry doors in the  Premises  shall be furnished by Landlord to
          Tenant at Tenant's cost, and Tenant shall not make any duplicate keys.
          All keys shall be  returned to  Landlord  at the  expiration  or early
          termination of this Lease.

     6.   All  contractors,   contractor's   representatives   and  installation
          technicians  performing  work in the  Building  shall  be  subject  to
          Landlord's prior  reasonable  approval and shall be required to comply
          with Landlord's standard rules, regulations,  policies and procedures,
          which may be revised from time to time.

     7.   Movement in or out of the Building of  furniture or office  equipment,
          or dispatch or receipt by Tenant of merchandise or materials requiring
          the use of  elevators,  stairways,  lobby areas or loading dock areas,
          shall be  restricted  to hours  designated  by Landlord.  Tenant shall
          obtain  Landlord's  prior approval by providing a detailed  listing of
          the activity. If approved by Landlord, the activity shall be under the
          supervision  of  Landlord  and  performed  in the manner  required  by
          Landlord.  Tenant shall  assume all risk for damage to articles  moved
          and injury to any persons  resulting from the activity.  If equipment,
          property, or personnel of Landlord or of any other party is damaged or
          injured  as a result of or in  connection  with the  activity,  Tenant
          shall be solely liable for any resulting damage or loss.

     8.   Landlord shall have the right to approve the weight, size, or location
          of heavy  equipment or articles in and about the  Premises.  Damage to
          the Building by the installation, maintenance, operation, existence or
          removal of  property of Tenant  shall be  repaired  at  Tenant's  sole
          expense.

     9.   Corridor doors, when not in use, shall be kept closed.

     10.  Tenant shall not: (1) make or permit any  improper,  objectionable  or
          unpleasant noises or odors in the Building,  or otherwise interfere in
          any way with other tenants or persons  having  business with them; (2)
          solicit  business or distribute,  or cause to be  distributed,  in any
          portion of the  Building,  handbills,  promotional  materials or other
          advertising; or (3) conduct or permit other activities in the Building
          that might, in Landlord's sole opinion, constitute a nuisance.

     11.  No animals,  except  those  assisting  handicapped  persons,  shall be
          brought into the Building or kept in or about the Premises.

     12.  No inflammable,  explosive or dangerous  fluids or substances shall be
          used or  kept  by  Tenant  in the  Premises,  Building  or  about  the
          Property.  Tenant shall not, without Landlord's prior written consent,
          use, store, install,  spill, remove,  release or dispose of, within or
          about  the  Premises  or  any  other  portion  of  the  Property,  any
          asbestos-containing materials or any solid, liquid or gaseous material
          now or subsequently considered toxic or hazardous under the provisions
          of  42  U.S.C.   Section   9601  et  seq.  or  any  other   applicable
          environmental  Law which may now or later be in effect.  Tenant  shall
          comply  with all Laws  pertaining  to and  governing  the use of these
          materials by Tenant,  and shall remain  solely liable for the costs of
          abatement and removal.  Tenant shall be allowed to use office products
          that are normally  used in the course of Tenant's  business,  provided
          that such  products  are  stored  and used by  Tenant in  commercially
          reasonable quantities and that Tenant stores and uses such products in
          a safe manner.

     13.  Tenant  shall not use or occupy the  Premises in any manner or for any
          purpose  which might  injure the  reputation  or impair the present or
          future value of the Premises or the Building. Tenant shall not use, or
          permit any part of the Premises to be used,  for lodging,  sleeping or
          for any illegal purpose.

     14.  Tenant shall not take any action which would violate  Landlord's labor
          contracts  or which  would  cause a work  stoppage,  picketing,  labor
          disruption  or dispute,  or  interfere  with  Landlord's  or any other
          tenant's or occupant's  business or with the rights and  privileges of
          any person lawfully in the Building ("Labor Disruption"). Tenant shall
          take the actions necessary to resolve the Labor Disruption,  and shall
          have  pickets  removed  and, at the request of  Landlord,  immediately
          terminate  any  work in the  Premises  that  gave  rise  to the  Labor
          Disruption,  until Landlord gives its written  consent for the work to
          resume. Tenant shall have no claim for damages against Landlord or any
          of  the  Landlord  Related   Parties,   nor  shall  the  date  of  the
          commencement of the Term be extended as a result of the above actions.

     15.  Tenant  shall not  install,  operate or maintain in the Premises or in
          any  other  area of the  Building,  electrical  equipment  that  would
          overload  the  electrical  system  beyond  its  capacity  for  proper,
          efficient and safe operation as determined solely by Landlord.  Tenant
          shall not  furnish  cooling  or heating  to the  Premises,  including,
          without  limitation,  the use of  electronic  or gas heating  devices,
          without Landlord's prior written consent.

     16.  Tenant  shall not  operate  or permit to be  operated  a coin or token
          operated  vending  machine  or  similar  device  (including,   without
          limitation,  telephones,  lockers,  toilets, scales, amusement devices
          and machines for sale of beverages, foods, candy, cigarettes and other
          goods),  except  for  machines  for  the  exclusive  use  of  Tenant's
          employees,  and then only if the operation  does not violate the lease
          of any other tenant in the Building.

     17.  Bicycles and other  vehicles are not permitted  inside the Building or
          on the walkways  outside the Building,  except in areas  designated by
          Landlord.

     18.  Landlord may from time to time adopt  systems and  procedures  for the
          security and safety of the Building,  its  occupants,  entry,  use and
          contents.  Tenant,  its  agents,  employees,  contractors,  guests and
          invitees shall comply with Landlord's systems and procedures.

     19.  Landlord  shall have the right to prohibit  the use of the name of the
          Building  or any other  publicity  by Tenant that in  Landlord's  sole
          opinion may impair the reputation of the Building or its desirability.
          Upon  written  notice from  Landlord,  Tenant  shall  refrain from and
          discontinue such publicity immediately.

     20.  Tenant shall not  canvass,  solicit or peddle in or about the Building
          or the Property.

     21.  Neither  Tenant  nor its  agents,  employees,  contractors,  guests or
          invitees shall smoke or permit smoking in the Common Areas, unless the
          Common Areas have been declared a designated smoking area by Landlord,
          nor shall the above  parties  allow smoke from the Premises to emanate
          into the  Common  Areas or any other  part of the  Building.  Landlord
          shall  have  the  right  to  designate  the  Building  (including  the
          Premises) as a non-smoking building.

     22.  Landlord shall have the right to designate and approve standard window
          coverings  for the Premises and to establish  rules to assure that the
          Building presents a uniform exterior appearance.  Tenant shall ensure,
          to the extent reasonably practicable, that window coverings are closed
          on windows in the  Premises  while they are exposed to the direct rays
          of the sun.

     23.  Deliveries  to and from the Premises  shall be made only at the times,
          in the  areas and  through  the  entrances  and  exits  designated  by
          Landlord.  Tenant shall not make deliveries to or from the Premises in
          a manner that might  interfere with the use by any other tenant of its
          premises or of the Common Areas,  any pedestrian use, or any use which
          is inconsistent with good business practice.

     24.  The work of cleaning  personnel  shall not be hindered by Tenant after
          5:30 P.M.,  and cleaning work may be done at any time when the offices
          are vacant.  Windows,  doors and  fixtures may be cleaned at any time.
          Tenant shall provide adequate waste and rubbish receptacles to prevent
          unreasonable hardship to the cleaning service.



<PAGE>



                                    EXHIBIT C

                               COMMENCEMENT LETTER
                                    (EXAMPLE)


Date: ________________________

Tenant:  FEDERAL  AGRICULTURAL  MORTGAGE  CORPORATION,   a  federally  chartered
         corporation

Address: _______________________________________________________

         _______________________________________________________

Re:  Commencement  Letter  with  respect  to  that  certain  Lease  dated  as of
     _____________ by and between EOP-TWO LAFAYETTE,  L.L.C., a Delaware limited
     liability  company,  as  Landlord,   and  FEDERAL   AGRICULTURAL   MORTGAGE
     CORPORATION,  a  federally  chartered  corporation,  as Tenant,  for 13,652
     rentable square feet on the 6th floor of the Building  located at 1133 21st
     Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20036.


Dear:________________________:

     In accordance with the terms and conditions of the above referenced  Lease,
Tenant accepts possession of the Premises and agrees:

      1.    The Commencement Date of the Lease is__________________;

      2.    The Termination Date of the Lease is __________________.

     Please acknowledge your acceptance of possession and agreement to the terms
set forth above by signing all 3 counterparts of this Commencement Letter in the
space provided and returning 2 fully executed counterparts to my attention.

Sincerely,

---------------------------------
Property Manager

Agreed and Accepted:

Tenant:  FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION, a federally chartered
         corporation

          By:   ________________________________________
          Name:   ______________________________________
          Title:  ______________________________________
          Date:  _______________________________________


<PAGE>



                                    EXHIBIT D

                                   WORK LETTER


     This  Exhibit  is  attached  to and made a part of the Lease and is entered
into as of the 28th day of June, 2001, by and between EOP-TWO LAFAYETTE, L.L.C.,
a Delaware  limited  liability  company  ("Landlord")  and FEDERAL  AGRICULTURAL
MORTGAGE CORPORATION,  a federally chartered corporation ("Tenant") for space in
the Building located at 1133 21st Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20036.

     1.   Landlord shall perform  improvements to the Premises  substantially in
          accordance with the plans prepared by A2 Design,  dated April 10, 2001
          (the  "Plans").  The  improvements  to be  performed  by  Landlord  in
          accordance with the Plans are hereinafter referred to as the "Landlord
          Work." It is agreed that  construction  of the  Landlord  Work will be
          completed at Landlord's sole cost and expense  (subject to the Maximum
          Amount and further  subject to the terms of  Paragraph 4 below)  using
          Building standard  methods,  materials and finishes in accordance with
          Article III of the Lease in a good and  workmanlike  manner.  Landlord
          and Tenant  agree that  Landlord's  obligation  to pay for the cost of
          Landlord  Work  (inclusive of the cost of preparing  Plans,  obtaining
          permits,  a  construction  management  fee  equal  to 5% of the  total
          construction  costs,  and other  related  costs)  shall be  limited to
          $225,000.00   (the   "Maximum   Amount")  and  that  Tenant  shall  be
          responsible for the cost of Landlord Work,  plus any applicable  state
          sales or use tax,  if any,  to the extent  that it exceeds the Maximum
          Amount.  Landlord shall enter into a direct  contract for the Landlord
          Work with a general contractor  selected by Landlord from a list of at
          least  3   general   contractors   (one  of   which   shall  be  Marlo
          Construction);  Landlord shall  disclose to Tenant all bids,  mark-ups
          and  invoices   received  by  Landlord   from  the  approved   general
          contractor.  In  addition,  Landlord  shall  have the  right to select
          and/or  approve  of any  subcontractors  used in  connection  with the
          Landlord Work.  Landlord's  supervision or performance of any work for
          or on  behalf  of  Tenant  shall  not be  deemed a  representation  by
          Landlord  that  such  Plans  or  the  revisions  thereto  comply  with
          applicable insurance requirements, building codes, ordinances, laws or
          regulations,  or that the improvements  constructed in accordance with
          the Plans and any revisions thereto will be adequate for Tenant's use,
          it being agreed that Tenant shall be  responsible  for all elements of
          the  design  of  Tenant's  plans   (including,   without   limitation,
          compliance with law, functionality of design, the structural integrity
          of the design,  the configuration of the premises and the placement of
          Tenant's furniture, appliances and equipment).

     2.   If  Landlord's  estimate  and/or the actual cost of the Landlord  Work
          shall exceed the Maximum  Amount,  Landlord,  prior to commencing  any
          construction  of  Landlord  Work,  shall  submit  to  Tenant a written
          estimate  setting  forth the  anticipated  cost of the Landlord  Work,
          including but not limited to labor and  materials,  contractor's  fees
          and permit  fees.  Within 3 Business  Days  thereafter,  Tenant  shall
          either  notify  Landlord  in  writing  of its  approval  of  the  cost
          estimate, or specify its objections thereto and any desired changes to
          the  proposed  Landlord  Work.  If Tenant  notifies  Landlord  of such
          objections  and desired  changes,  Tenant shall work with  Landlord to
          reach a mutually acceptable alternative cost estimate.

     3.   If Landlord's  estimate and/or the actual cost of  construction  shall
          exceed the Maximum  Amount (such amounts  exceeding the Maximum Amount
          being herein referred to as the "Excess  Costs"),  Tenant shall pay to
          Landlord such Excess Costs, plus any applicable state sales or use tax
          thereon, upon demand. The statements of costs submitted to Landlord by
          Landlord's contractors shall be conclusive for purposes of determining
          the actual cost of the items described therein. The amounts payable by
          Tenant  hereunder  constitute Rent payable  pursuant to the Lease, and
          the failure to timely pay same  constitutes  an event of default under
          the Lease.

     4.   If Tenant shall  request any  revisions to the Plans,  Landlord  shall
          have such  revisions  prepared at  Tenant's  sole cost and expense and
          Tenant shall  reimburse  Landlord  for the cost of preparing  any such
          revisions  to the Plans,  plus any  applicable  state sales or use tax
          thereon,  upon demand.  Promptly  upon  completion  of the  revisions,
          Landlord  shall notify Tenant in writing of the increased  cost in the
          Landlord  Work, if any,  resulting  from such  revisions to the Plans.
          Tenant,  within 3 Business  Days,  shall  notify  Landlord  in writing
          whether it desires to proceed with such  revisions.  In the absence of
          such written authorization, Landlord shall have the option to continue
          work on the Premises disregarding the requested revision. Tenant shall
          be  responsible  for any Tenant  Delay in  completion  of the Premises
          resulting from any revision to the Plans. If such revisions  result in
          an increase in the cost of Landlord Work, such increased  costs,  plus
          any  applicable  state sales or use tax  thereon,  shall be payable by
          Tenant upon demand.  Notwithstanding  anything herein to the contrary,
          all revisions to the Plans shall be subject to the reasonable approval
          of Landlord.

     5.   Any  portion  of the  Maximum  Amount  which  exceeds  the cost of the
          Landlord  Work  or  is  otherwise   remaining   after  the  180th  day
          immediately  following the Commencement Date, shall accrue to the sole
          benefit of Landlord, it being agreed that Tenant shall not be entitled
          to any credit, offset, abatement or payment with respect thereto.

     6.   This Exhibit shall not be deemed  applicable to any  additional  space
          added to the Premises at any time or from time to time, whether by any
          options  under  the  Lease  or  otherwise,  or to any  portion  of the
          original  Premises or any  additions to the Premises in the event of a
          renewal or extension of the original Term of the Lease, whether by any
          options under the Lease or otherwise,  unless expressly so provided in
          the Lease or any amendment or supplement to the Lease.

     Landlord and Tenant have executed this exhibit as of the day and year first
above written.

WITNESS/ATTEST:                 LANDLORD:

                                EOP-TWO  LAFAYETTE,  L.L.C.,  a Delaware limited
                                liability company

                                By:  EOP  Operating   Limited   Partnership,   a
                                     Delaware  limited  partnership,   its  sole
                                     member

                                     By: Equity  Office   Properties   Trust,  a
                                         Maryland real estate  investment trust,
                                         its general partner
--------------------------
                                         By:   __________________________
Name (print):  ________________
                                         Name: __________________________
---------------------------
                                         Title:   __________________________
Name (print):  ________________



WITNESS/ATTEST:                 TENANT:

                                FEDERAL  AGRICULTURAL  MORTGAGE  CORPORATION,  a
                                federally chartered corporation

___________________________     By:   _____________________________

Name (print):  ________________ Name: _____________________________

___________________________     Title:   _____________________________

Name (print):  ________________



<PAGE>




                                        1

                                    EXHIBIT E

                              ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS

     This  Exhibit  is  attached  to and made a part of the Lease and is entered
into as of the 28th day of June, 2001, by and between EOP-TWO LAFAYETTE, L.L.C.,
a Delaware  limited  liability  company  ("Landlord")  and FEDERAL  AGRICULTURAL
MORTGAGE CORPORATION,  a federally chartered corporation ("Tenant") for space in
the Building located at 1133 21st Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20036.

I.    Renewal Option.

     A.   Tenant shall have the right to extend the Term (the "Renewal  Option")
          for one additional  period of 5 years  commencing on the day following
          the  Termination  Date  of the  initial  Term  and  ending  on the 5th
          anniversary of the Termination Date (the "Renewal Term"), if:

          1.   Landlord  receives  notice  of  exercise  of the  Renewal  Option
               ("Initial  Renewal Notice") not less than 12 full calendar months
               prior to the  expiration of the initial Term and not more than 15
               full calendar months prior to the expiration of the initial Term;
               and

          2.   Tenant is not in default  under the Lease  beyond any  applicable
               cure periods at the time that Tenant delivers its Initial Renewal
               Notice or at the time Tenant delivers its Binding Notice (defined
               below); and

          3.   No part  of the  Premises  is  sublet  at the  time  that  Tenant
               delivers  its  Initial  Renewal  Notice  or at  the  time  Tenant
               delivers  its  Binding  Notice  other than in  connection  with a
               Permitted Sublease; and

          4.   The Lease  has not been  assigned  prior to the date that  Tenant
               delivers its Initial  Renewal  Notice or prior to the date Tenant
               delivers  its  Binding  Notice  other than in  connection  with a
               Permitted Transfer.

     B.   The initial Base Rent rate per  rentable  square foot for the Premises
          during the Renewal  Term shall equal the  Prevailing  Market  (defined
          below) rate per rentable square foot for the Premises.

     C.   Tenant shall pay Additional Rent (i.e., Expense Excess and Tax Excess)
          for the Premises during the Renewal Term in accordance with Article IV
          of the Lease.

     D.   Within 30 days  after  receipt of  Tenant's  Initial  Renewal  Notice,
          Landlord shall advise Tenant of the applicable  Base Rent rate for the
          Premises for the Renewal Term.  Tenant,  within 15 days after the date
          on which Landlord  advises Tenant of the applicable Base Rent rate for
          the Renewal Term, shall either (i) give Landlord final binding written
          notice ("Binding  Notice") of Tenant's exercise of its option, or (ii)
          if Tenant  disagrees with Landlord's  determination,  provide Landlord
          with written notice of rejection (the "Rejection  Notice").  If Tenant
          fails to provide  Landlord  with either a Binding  Notice or Rejection
          Notice  within such 15 day period,  Tenant's  Renewal  Option shall be
          null and void and of no further force and effect.  If Tenant  provides
          Landlord with a Binding  Notice,  Landlord and Tenant shall enter into
          the Renewal  Amendment upon the terms and conditions set forth herein.
          If Tenant  provides  Landlord  with a Rejection  Notice,  Landlord and
          Tenant  shall work  together  in good faith for a period of 15 days to
          agree  upon the  Prevailing  Market  Base Rent  rate for the  Premises
          during the Renewal Term. Upon agreement  Tenant shall provide Landlord
          with  Binding  Notice and  Landlord  and Tenant  shall  enter into the
          Renewal Amendment in accordance with the terms and conditions  hereof.
          If Landlord and Tenant fail to agree upon the  Prevailing  Market Base
          Rent rate  within  such 15 day period,  Tenant,  by written  notice to
          Landlord (the "Arbitration Notice") within 5 days after the expiration
          of such 15 day  period,  shall  have the right to have the  Prevailing
          Market rate determined in accordance with the following procedures. If
          Tenant  fails to exercise  its right to  arbitrate,  Tenant's  Renewal
          Option shall be deemed to be null and void and of no further force and
          effect.  If  Tenant  provides  Landlord  with an  Arbitration  Notice,
          Landlord and Tenant,  within 10 days after the date of the Arbitration
          Notice,  shall each  simultaneously  submit to the other,  in a sealed
          envelope,  its good  faith  estimate  of the  Prevailing  Market  rate
          (collectively  referred  to as the  "Estimates").  If  the  Prevailing
          Market rate is not resolved by the exchange of Estimates, Landlord and
          Tenant,  within 7 days after the  exchange  of  Estimates,  shall each
          select an  appraiser  to  determine  which of the two  Estimates  most
          closely  reflects the  Prevailing  Market rate for the Premises.  Each
          appraiser so selected  shall be certified as an MAI appraiser or as an
          ASA  appraiser and shall have had at least 5 years  experience  within
          the  previous  10  years as a real  estate  appraiser  working  in the
          central business district of Washington,  D.C., with working knowledge
          of current rental rates and practices.  For purposes of this Lease, an
          "MAI"  appraiser  means an  individual  who  holds an MAI  designation
          conferred by, and is an independent  member of, the American Institute
          of Real Estate  Appraisers (or its successor  organization,  or in the
          event  there  is  no  successor  organization,  the  organization  and
          designation most similar),  and an "ASA" appraiser means an individual
          who  holds the  Senior  Member  designation  conferred  by,  and is an
          independent  member of, the  American  Society of  Appraisers  (or its
          successor  organization,  or,  in  the  event  there  is no  successor
          organization,  the organization  and designation  most similar).  Upon
          selection,  Landlord's and Tenant's  appraisers shall work together in
          good  faith to agree  upon  which of the two  Estimates  most  closely
          reflects the  Prevailing  Market rate for the  Premises.  The Estimate
          chosen by such appraisers shall be binding on both Landlord and Tenant
          as the Base Rent rate for the  Premises  during the Renewal  Term.  If
          either  Landlord or Tenant  fails to appoint an  appraiser  within the
          seven day period  referred to above,  the  appraiser  appointed by the
          other party shall be the sole  appraiser for the purposes  hereof.  If
          the two  appraisers  cannot agree upon which of the two Estimates most
          closely reflects the Prevailing  Market within the 15 days after their
          appointment,  then, within 10 days after the expiration of such 15 day
          period,  the two appraisers shall select a third appraiser meeting the
          aforementioned criteria. Once the third appraiser has been selected as
          provided for above, then, as soon thereafter as practicable but in any
          case within 14 days,  the appraiser  shall make his  determination  of
          which of the two Estimates most closely reflects the Prevailing Market
          rate and such Estimate shall be binding on both Landlord and Tenant as
          the Base Rent rate for the Premises  during the Renewal  Term.  If the
          arbitrator believes that expert advice would materially assist him, he
          may retain one or more  qualified  persons,  to  provide  such  expert
          advice. The parties shall share equally in the costs of the arbitrator
          and  of any  experts  retained  by the  arbitrator.  Any  fees  of any
          appraiser,  counsel or experts engaged directly by Landlord or Tenant,
          however, shall be borne by the party retaining such appraiser, counsel
          or expert.  In the event that the Prevailing  Market rate has not been
          determined by the commencement  date of the Renewal Term, Tenant shall
          pay Base Rent upon the terms and conditions in effect for the Premises
          during  the final  month of the  initial  Term  until such time as the
          Prevailing Market rate has been determined.  Upon such  determination,
          the Base Rent for the Premises shall be retroactively  adjusted to the
          commencement of the Renewal Term for the Premises.  If such adjustment
          results in an  underpayment  of Base Rent by Tenant,  Tenant shall pay
          Landlord  the  amount of such  underpayment  within 30 days  after the
          determination thereof. If such adjustment results in an overpayment of
          Base Rent by Tenant,  Landlord shall credit such  overpayment  against
          the next  installment  of Rent due under the Lease and,  to the extent
          necessary, any subsequent installments until the entire amount of such
          overpayment has been credited against Rent.

     E.   If Tenant is entitled to and properly  exercises  its Renewal  Option,
          Landlord  shall  prepare an amendment  (the  "Renewal  Amendment")  to
          reflect  changes in the Base Rent,  Term,  Termination  Date and other
          appropriate  terms.  The  Renewal  Amendment  shall be sent to  Tenant
          within 30 Business Days after receipt of the Binding Notice.

     An otherwise  valid  exercise of the Renewal  Option  shall,  at Landlord's
option, be fully effective whether or not the Renewal Amendment is executed.

     F.   For purposes  hereof,  "Prevailing  Market" shall mean the arms length
          fair market annual rental rate per rentable  square foot under renewal
          leases and  amendments  entered into on or about the date on which the
          Prevailing  Market is being determined  hereunder for space comparable
          to the Premises in the Building and office buildings comparable to the
          Building in the central  business  district of  Washington,  D.C.  The
          determination  of  Prevailing  Market  shall  take  into  account  any
          material economic  differences  between the terms of the Lease and any
          comparison lease (including, without limitation, the Base Year for the
          Renewal Term), such as rent abatements,  construction  costs and other
          concessions  and the manner,  if any, in which the Landlord  under any
          such  lease is  reimbursed  for  operating  expenses  and  taxes.  The
          determination of Prevailing Market shall also take into  consideration
          any reasonably  anticipated changes in the Prevailing Market rate from
          the time such Prevailing  Market rate is being determined and the time
          such Prevailing Market rate will become effective under the Lease.

II.   Parking.

     A.   During the Term,  Tenant  agrees to lease from  Landlord  and Landlord
          agrees to lease to Tenant a total of 8 unreserved parking spaces and 1
          reserved  space  (collectively,  the "Spaces") in the Building  garage
          ("Garage") for the use of Tenant and its  employees.  No deductions or
          allowances  shall be made for days when Tenant or any of its employees
          does not utilize the parking  facilities or for Tenant  utilizing less
          than all of the  Spaces.  Tenant  shall not have the right to lease or
          otherwise use more than the number of reserved and  unreserved  Spaces
          set forth above.

     B.   During the initial Term, Tenant shall pay Landlord, as Additional Rent
          in  accordance  with  Article IV of the Lease,  the sum of $204.00 per
          month, plus applicable tax thereon,  if any, for each unreserved Space
          leased by Tenant  hereunder,  and the sum of $408.00  per month,  plus
          applicable  tax  thereon,  if any,  for the  reserved  Space leased by
          Tenant  hereunder,  as such rates may be adjusted from time-to-time to
          reflect the then current rate for parking in the Garage.

     C.   Except for  particular  spaces and areas  designated  by Landlord  for
          reserved parking,  all parking in the Garage and surface parking areas
          serving  the  Building   shall  be  on  an   unreserved,   first-come,
          first-served basis.

     D.   Landlord shall not be responsible for money,  jewelry,  automobiles or
          other  personal  property  lost in or  stolen  from the  Garage or the
          surface parking areas  regardless of whether such loss or theft occurs
          when the  Garage  or other  areas  therein  are  locked  or  otherwise
          secured.  Except as caused by the negligence or willful  misconduct of
          Landlord  and without  limiting the terms of the  preceding  sentence,
          Landlord shall not be liable for any loss, injury or damage to persons
          using the Garage or the surface  parking areas or automobiles or other
          property  therein,  it  being  agreed  that,  to  the  fullest  extent
          permitted  by Law,  the use of the Spaces shall be at the sole risk of
          Tenant and its employees.

     E.   Landlord  shall  have the  right  from time to time to  designate  the
          location  of  the  Spaces  and  to  promulgate  reasonable  rules  and
          regulations in a  non-discriminatory  manner regarding the Garage, the
          surface  parking  areas,  if any,  the  Spaces  and  the use  thereof,
          including,  but not limited to, rules and regulations  controlling the
          flow of  traffic  to and from  various  parking  areas,  the angle and
          direction of parking and the like.  Tenant shall comply with and cause
          its employees to comply with all such rules and regulations as well as
          all reasonable additions and amendments thereto.

     F.   Tenant  shall  not  store  or  permit  its   employees  to  store  any
          automobiles in the Garage or on the surface  parking areas without the
          prior  written  consent of  Landlord.  Except for  emergency  repairs,
          Tenant and its employees shall not perform any work on any automobiles
          while located in the Garage or on the Property. If it is necessary for
          Tenant or its employees to leave an automobile in the Garage or on the
          surface parking areas  overnight,  Tenant shall provide  Landlord with
          prior notice thereof designating the license plate number and model of
          such automobile.

     G.   Landlord  shall  have the right to  temporarily  close  the  Garage or
          certain  areas  therein  in  order  to  perform   necessary   repairs,
          maintenance  and  improvements  to the Garage or the  surface  parking
          areas, if any.

     H.   Tenant  shall not assign or  sublease  any of the Spaces  without  the
          consent of Landlord.  Landlord  shall have the right to terminate this
          parking  agreement  with respect to any Spaces that Tenant  desires to
          sublet or assign.

      I. Landlord may elect to provide parking cards or keys to control access
         to the Garage or surface parking areas, if any. In such event, Landlord
         shall provide Tenant with one card or key for each Space that Tenant is
         leasing hereunder, provided that Landlord shall have the right to
         require Tenant or its employees to place a deposit on such access cards
         or keys and to pay a fee for any lost or damaged cards or keys.

     J.   Landlord  hereby  reserves  the  right  to  enter  into  a  management
          agreement or lease with an entity for the Garage ("Garage  Operator").
          In such event,  Tenant,  upon request of Landlord,  shall enter into a
          parking agreement with the Garage Operator and pay the Garage Operator
          the monthly charge established  hereunder,  and Landlord shall have no
          liability for claims  arising  through acts or omissions of the Garage
          Operator unless caused by Landlord's negligence or willful misconduct.
          It is understood  and agreed that the identity of the Garage  Operator
          may change from time to time during the Term. In connection therewith,
          any parking  lease or  agreement  entered  into  between  Tenant and a
          Garage Operator shall be freely  assignable by such Garage Operator or
          any successors thereto.

III.  Right of First Offer.

     A.   Tenant  shall have the  one-time  right of first  offer (the "Right of
          First  Offer") with respect to the 3,899  rentable  square feet on the
          7th  floor  of the  Building  shown  on the  attached  Exhibit  F (the
          "Offering  Space"),  which Right of First Offer shall be  exercised as
          follows:  at any time after Landlord has determined  that the existing
          tenant in the Offering  Space will not extend or renew the term of its
          lease for the Offering Space (but prior to leasing such Offering Space
          to a party other than the  existing  tenant),  Landlord  shall  advise
          Tenant no  earlier  than 15 months  before and no later than 12 months
          prior to the expiration of the lease term with the existing  tenant of
          the  Offering  Space  for (the  "Advice")  of the  terms  under  which
          Landlord  is prepared  to lease the  Offering  Space to Tenant for the
          remainder of the Term, which terms shall reflect the Prevailing Market
          Rate (defined below) for such Offering Space as reasonably  determined
          by  Landlord.  Tenant may lease such  Offering  Space in its  entirety
          only,  under such terms,  by delivering  written notice of exercise to
          Landlord  ("Notice of  Exercise")  within 5 days after the date of the
          Advice, except that Tenant shall have no such Right of First Offer and
          Landlord need not provide Tenant with an Advice, if:

          1.   Tenant is in default beyond any applicable cure periods under the
               Lease at the time Landlord would otherwise deliver the Advice; or

          2.   the  Premises,  or any  portion  thereof,  is  sublet at the time
               Landlord would otherwise deliver the Advice; or

          3.   the  Lease has been  assigned  prior to the date  Landlord  would
               otherwise deliver the Advice; or

          4.   Tenant is not occupying  the Premises on the date Landlord  would
               otherwise deliver the Advice; or

          5.   the  Offering  Space is not  intended  for the  exclusive  use of
               Tenant during the remainder of the term of the Lease; or

          6.   the  existing  tenant  under  lease  in  the  Offering  Space  is
               interested  in  extending  or renewing its lease for the Offering
               Space or entering into a new lease for the Offering Space; or

          7.   the Offering Space is subject to Superior Rights (defined below).

       B. 1.   The  term  for  the  Offering   Space  shall  commence  upon  the
               commencement  date  stated in the  Advice  (the  "Offering  Space
               Effective  Date") and  thereupon  such  Offering  Space  shall be
               considered a part of the Premises, provided that all of the terms
               stated  in  the  Advice  shall  govern  Tenant's  leasing  of the
               Offering  Space and only to the extent that they do not  conflict
               with the  Advice,  the terms and  conditions  of this Lease shall
               apply to the Offering Space.

          2.   Tenant  shall  pay Base  Rent  and  Tenant's  Pro  Rata  Share of
               Expenses and Taxes for the Offering Space in accordance  with the
               terms and  conditions of the Advice,  which terms and  conditions
               shall reflect the Prevailing  Market Rate for the Offering Space,
               as determined in Landlord's reasonable judgment.

          3.   The Offering Space  (including  improvements  and personalty,  if
               any) shall be accepted by Tenant in its  condition  and  as-built
               configuration  existing on the  earlier of the date Tenant  takes
               possession  of the  Offering  Space or as of the  Offering  Space
               Effective Date.

     C.   The rights of Tenant  hereunder  with  respect to the  Offering  Space
          shall  terminate  on the earlier to occur of: (i) the day  immediately
          preceding the 8th anniversary of the  Commencement  Date (or if Tenant
          properly  exercises its Renewal Option in accordance  with Paragraph I
          above,  the day  immediately  preceding  the 13th  anniversary  of the
          Commencement  Date,  (ii)  Tenant's  failure to exercise  its Right of
          First Offer within the 5 day period provided in paragraph A above, and
          (iii) the date Landlord would have provided Tenant an Advice if Tenant
          had not been in violation of one or more of the  conditions  set forth
          in Paragraph A above.

       D. 1.   If Tenant  exercises  its Right of First  Offer,  Landlord  shall
               prepare  an  amendment  (the  "Offering  Amendment")  adding  the
               Offering  Space to the  Premises  on the  terms  set forth in the
               Advice and reflecting  changes in the Base Rent,  Rentable Square
               Footage  of the  Premises,  Tenant's  Pro Rata  Share  and  other
               appropriate terms.

          2.   A copy of the  Offering  Amendment  shall be (i)  sent to  Tenant
               within a reasonable  time after receipt of the Notice of Exercise
               executed by Tenant,  and (ii)  executed by Tenant and returned to
               Landlord within 10 days thereafter.

      E. For purposes hereof,

          1.   "Prevailing  Market  Rate" shall mean the annual  rental rate per
               square foot for space  comparable  to the  Offering  Space in the
               Building and buildings  comparable to the Building in the central
               business  district of  Washington,  D.C. under leases and renewal
               and expansion  amendments being entered into at or about the time
               that Prevailing  Market is being  determined  giving  appropriate
               consideration  to  tenant  concessions,   brokerage  commissions,
               tenant  improvement  allowances,  and the  method  of  allocating
               operating  expenses  and taxes.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,
               space leased under any of the following  circumstances  shall not
               be considered to be comparable for purposes hereof: (i) the lease
               term is for less than the lease term of the offering space,  (ii)
               the space is encumbered  by the option rights of another  tenant,
               or (iii) the space has a lack of  windows  and/or an  awkward  or
               unusual shape or configuration.  The foregoing is not intended to
               be an exclusive  list of space that will not be  considered to be
               comparable.

          2.   "Superior Rights" shall mean the existing (as of the date hereof)
               expansion  rights of any tenant in the  Building  with respect to
               the  Offering  Space,  regardless  of  whether  such  rights  are
               designated  as a right of first  offer,  right of first  refusal,
               expansion option or otherwise.

IV.   Roof Space Dish/Antenna.

     A.   Tenant shall have the right, in consideration  for payments of $200.00
          per month (the "Dish/Antenna Payments"), to lease space on the roof of
          the Building for the purpose of installing (in accordance with Section
          IX.C of the Lease),  operating and maintaining a 3 meter  dish/antenna
          or  other   communication   device   approved  by  the  Landlord  (the
          "Dish/Antenna"). The Dish/Antenna Payments shall constitute Additional
          Rent under the terms of the Lease and Tenant shall be required to make
          these  payments in strict  compliance  with the terms of Section IV of
          the Lease. The exact location of the space on the roof to be leased by
          Tenant shall be  designated by Landlord and shall not exceed 25 square
          feet (the "Roof Space").  Landlord  reserves the right to relocate the
          Roof  Space  as  reasonably  necessary  during  the  Term.  Landlord's
          designation  shall take into account Tenant's use of the Dish/Antenna.
          Notwithstanding   the   foregoing,   Tenant's  right  to  install  the
          Dish/Antenna  shall be subject to the approval  rights of Landlord and
          Landlord's  architect  and/or  engineer  with respect to the plans and
          specifications   of  the   Dish/Antenna,   the  manner  in  which  the
          Dish/Antenna is attached to the roof of the Building and the manner in
          which any cables  are run to and from the  Dish/Antenna.  The  precise
          specifications  and a general  description of the  Dish/Antenna  along
          with  all  documents  Landlord   reasonably  requires  to  review  the
          installation  of the  Dish/Antenna  (the  "Plans and  Specifications")
          shall be  submitted  to Landlord for  Landlord's  written  approval no
          later  than  20  days   before   Tenant   commences   to  install  the
          Dish/Antenna.  Tenant shall be solely  responsible  for  obtaining all
          necessary  governmental  and regulatory  approvals and for the cost of
          installing,  operating,  maintaining  and removing  the  Dish/Antenna.
          Tenant shall notify  Landlord upon  completion of the  installation of
          the  Dish/Antenna.   If  Landlord  determines  that  the  Dish/Antenna
          equipment does not comply with the approved Plans and  Specifications,
          that  the  Building  has  been  damaged  during  installation  of  the
          Dish/Antenna or that the  installation  was defective,  Landlord shall
          notify  Tenant of any  noncompliance  or detected  problems and Tenant
          immediately shall cure the defects. If the Tenant fails to immediately
          cure the defects,  Tenant shall pay to Landlord  upon demand the cost,
          as reasonably  determined by Landlord,  of correcting  any defects and
          repairing any damage to the Building caused by such  installation.  If
          at any time  Landlord,  in its sole  discretion,  deems it  necessary,
          Tenant shall  provide and install,  at Tenant's sole cost and expense,
          appropriate aesthetic screening,  reasonably satisfactory to Landlord,
          for the Dish/Antenna (the "Aesthetic Screening").

     B.   Landlord agrees that Tenant,  upon reasonable  prior written notice to
          Landlord,  shall have access to the roof of the  Building and the Roof
          Space  for the  purpose  of  installing,  maintaining,  repairing  and
          removing  the  Dish/Antenna,   the  appurtenances  and  the  Aesthetic
          Screening,  if any,  all of which  shall be  performed  by  Tenant  or
          Tenant's  authorized  representative  or  contractors,  which shall be
          approved by Landlord,  at Tenant's  sole cost and risk.  It is agreed,
          however,  that  only  authorized  engineers,   employees  or  properly
          authorized  contractors of Tenant, FCC (defined below) inspectors,  or
          persons  under their  direct  supervision  will be  permitted  to have
          access to the roof of the Building and the Roof Space.  Tenant further
          agrees to exercise  firm control over the people  requiring  access to
          the  roof of the  Building  and the  Roof  Space in order to keep to a
          minimum the number of people having access to the roof of the Building
          and the Roof Space and the frequency of their visits.

     C.   It  is  further   understood   and  agreed   that  the   installation,
          maintenance,   operation   and  removal  of  the   Dish/Antenna,   the
          appurtenances and the Aesthetic Screening, if any, is not permitted to
          damage the Building or the roof thereof,  or interfere with the use of
          the Building and roof by Landlord. Tenant agrees to be responsible for
          any damage caused to the roof or any other part of the Building, which
          may be caused by Tenant or any of its agents or representatives.

     D.   Tenant agrees to install only equipment of types and frequencies which
          will not cause  unreasonable  interference  to  Landlord  or  existing
          tenants of the Building.  In the event Tenant's  equipment causes such
          interference,  Tenant will change the  frequency on which it transmits
          and/or  receives and take any other steps  necessary to eliminate  the
          interference.  If said  interference  cannot  be  eliminated  within a
          reasonable  period of time,  in the judgment of Landlord,  then Tenant
          agrees to remove the Dish/Antenna from the Roof Space.

     E.   Tenant  shall,  at its sole cost and  expense,  and at its sole  risk,
          install,   operate  and  maintain  the  Dish/Antenna  in  a  good  and
          workmanlike  manner,  and in compliance  with all Building,  electric,
          communication,  and safety codes, ordinances,  standards,  regulations
          and  requirements,  now in effect  or  hereafter  promulgated,  of the
          Federal  Government,   including,   without  limitation,  the  Federal
          Communications   Commission   (the   "FCC"),   the  Federal   Aviation
          Administration  ("FAA") or any  successor  agency of either the FCC or
          FAA having jurisdiction over radio or  telecommunications,  and of the
          state,  city and county in which the  Building is located.  Under this
          Lease,  the Landlord and its agents assume no  responsibility  for the
          licensing,  operation and/or maintenance of Tenant's equipment. Tenant
          has the responsibility of carrying out the terms of its FCC license in
          all respects.  The Dish/Antenna shall be connected to Landlord's power
          supply in strict compliance with all applicable Building,  electrical,
          fire and safety codes. Neither Landlord nor its agents shall be liable
          to Tenant for any stoppages or shortages of electrical power furnished
          to the Dish/Antenna or the Roof Space because of any act,  omission or
          requirement of the public utility serving the Building,  or the act or
          omission of any other tenant,  invitee or licensee or their respective
          agents,  employees or  contractors,  or for any other cause beyond the
          reasonable  control of  Landlord,  and Tenant shall not be entitled to
          any rental  abatement  for any such stoppage or shortage of electrical
          power.  Neither Landlord nor its agents shall have any  responsibility
          or   liability   for  the   conduct  or  safety  of  any  of  Tenant's
          representatives,  repair,  maintenance and engineering personnel while
          in or on any part of the Building or the Roof Space.

     F.   The Dish/Antenna,  the appurtenances and the Aesthetic  Screening,  if
          any,  shall  remain the  personal  property  of  Tenant,  and shall be
          removed  by Tenant at its own  expense  at the  expiration  or earlier
          termination of this Lease or Tenant's  right to possession  hereunder.
          Tenant shall repair any damage caused by such  removal,  including the
          patching  of any holes to match,  as  closely as  possible,  the color
          surrounding  the area  where  the  equipment  and  appurtenances  were
          attached.  Tenant  agrees to maintain  all of the  Tenant's  equipment
          placed on or about the roof or in any other  part of the  Building  in
          proper operating condition and maintain same in satisfactory condition
          as to  appearance  and  safety in  Landlord's  sole  discretion.  Such
          maintenance  and operation shall be performed in a manner to avoid any
          interference with any other tenants or Landlord. Tenant agrees that at
          all times  during the Term,  it will keep the roof of the Building and
          the Roof Space free of all trash or waste materials produced by Tenant
          or Tenant's agents, employees or contractors.

     G.   In light of the specialized  nature of the Dish/Antenna,  Tenant shall
          be permitted  to utilize the services of its choice for  installation,
          operation,  removal and repair of the Dish/Antenna,  the appurtenances
          and  the  Aesthetic  Screening,  if  any,  subject  to the  reasonable
          approval  of  Landlord.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  Tenant must
          provide  Landlord with prior written notice of any such  installation,
          removal or repair and  coordinate  such work with Landlord in order to
          avoid voiding or otherwise  adversely affecting any warranties granted
          to Landlord  with respect to the roof. If  necessary,  Tenant,  at its
          sole cost and  expense,  shall  retain  any  contractor  having a then
          existing  warranty in effect on the roof to perform  such work (to the
          extent that it involves the roof), or, at Tenant's option,  to perform
          such work in conjunction  with Tenant's  contractor.  In the event the
          Landlord   contemplates   roof  repairs  that  could  affect  Tenant's
          Dish/Antenna,  or which may result in an  interruption of the Tenant's
          telecommunication  service,  Landlord shall formally  notify Tenant at
          least 30 days in advance  (except in cases of an  emergency)  prior to
          the commencement of such contemplated work in order to allow Tenant to
          make other arrangements for such service.

     H.   Tenant shall not allow any provider of telecommunication,  video, data
          or related services ("Communication Services") to locate any equipment
          on the roof of the  Building  or in the  Roof  Space  for any  purpose
          whatsoever,  nor may Tenant use the Roof Space and/or  Dish/Antenna to
          provide Communication Services to an unaffiliated tenant,  occupant or
          licensee  of another  building,  or to  facilitate  the  provision  of
          Communication  Services  on behalf of another  Communication  Services
          provider  to an  unaffiliated  tenant,  occupant  or  licensee  of the
          Building or any other building.

     I.   Tenant  acknowledges  that  Landlord  may at  some  time  establish  a
          standard license  agreement (the "License  Agreement") with respect to
          the use of roof space by tenants of the Building. Tenant, upon request
          of Landlord,  shall enter into such License  Agreement  with  Landlord
          provided that such agreement  does not materially  alter the rights of
          Tenant hereunder with respect to the Roof Space.

     J.   Tenant  specifically  acknowledges  and  agrees  that  the  terms  and
          conditions  of  Article  XIV of the  Lease  (Indemnity  and  Waiver of
          Claims)  shall  apply with full force and effect to the Roof Space and
          any other  portions of the roof  accessed  or utilized by Tenant,  its
          representatives, agents, employees or contractors.

     K.   If Tenant  defaults  under any of the  terms  and  conditions  of this
          Section or the Lease, and Tenant fails to cure said default within the
          time allowed by Article XIX of the Lease,  Landlord shall be permitted
          to  exercise  all  remedies  provided  under the  terms of the  Lease,
          including  removing  the  Dish/Antenna,   the  appurtenances  and  the
          Aesthetic  Screening,  if any, and restoring the Building and the Roof
          Space to the condition that existed prior to the  installation  of the
          Dish/Antenna,  the appurtenances and the Aesthetic Screening,  if any.
          If  Landlord  removes  the  Dish/Antenna,  the  appurtenances  and the
          Aesthetic Screening, if any, as a result of an uncured default, Tenant
          shall be liable for all costs and expenses Landlord incurs in removing
          the Dish/Antenna,  the appurtenances and the Aesthetic  Screening,  if
          any,  and  repairing  any  damage  to the  Building,  the  roof of the
          Building and the Roof Space caused by the  installation,  operation or
          maintenance of the Dish/Antenna, the appurtenances,  and the Aesthetic
          Screening, if any.

V.   Contingency.  Landlord and Tenant hereby  acknowledge  that the Premises is
     currently leased to Peterson Consulting,  LLC ("Peterson")  pursuant to the
     terms of a lease (the  "Peterson  Lease")  that is  currently  scheduled to
     expire  October 31, 2001 (the  "Peterson  Termination  Date").  Landlord is
     currently  engaged in good faith  discussions with Peterson with respect to
     an agreement  (the  "Peterson  Agreement")  under which the Peterson  Lease
     would be  terminated  with  respect to the  Premises  prior to the Peterson
     Termination  Date.  This  Lease is  contingent  upon the  execution  of the
     Peterson  Agreement by Landlord and Peterson on or before June 29, 2001. In
     the event  that  Landlord  and  Peterson  fail to enter  into the  Peterson
     Agreement  on or before  June 29,  2001,  Landlord  shall have the right to
     cancel this Lease by the delivery of written  notice to Tenant on or before
     the date on which the  Peterson  Agreement  is entered into by Landlord and
     Peterson.

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  Landlord and Tenant have  executed this exhibit as of
the day and year first above written.

WITNESS/ATTEST:                 LANDLORD:

                                EOP-TWO  LAFAYETTE,  L.L.C.,  a Delaware limited
                                liability company

                                By:  EOP  Operating   Limited   Partnership,   a
                                     Delaware  limited  partnership,   its  sole
                                     member

                                     By: Equity  Office   Properties   Trust,  a
                                         Maryland real estate  investment trust,
                                         its general partner
--------------------------
                                         By:   __________________________
Name (print):  ________________
                                         Name: __________________________
---------------------------
                                         Title:   __________________________
Name (print):  ________________



WITNESS/ATTEST:                 TENANT:

                                FEDERAL  AGRICULTURAL  MORTGAGE  CORPORATION,
                                a federally chartered corporation

___________________________     By:   _____________________________

Name (print):  ________________ Name: _____________________________

___________________________     Title:   _____________________________

Name (print):  ________________


<PAGE>





                                    EXHIBIT F

                                 OFFERING SPACE


     This  Exhibit is  attached to and made a part of the Lease dated as of June
28, 2001, by and between EOP-TWO LAFAYETTE, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability
company ("Landlord") and FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION,  a federally
chartered corporation  ("Tenant") for space in the Building located at 1133 21st
Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20036.





<PAGE>





                                    EXHIBIT G

                       SAMPLE LANDLORD CONSENT TO SUBLEASE


     This Consent is entered into as of the ____ day of  _________,  ____ by and
among  EOP-TWO   LAFAYETTE,   L.L.C.,  a  Delaware  limited   liability  company
("Landlord"),  FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION,  a federally chartered
corporation    ("Sublandlord"),    and    ____________________________,     a(n)
_________________ ("Subtenant").

                                    RECITALS:

A.   Landlord,  as landlord,  and  Sublandlord,  as tenant,  are parties to that
     certain  lease  agreement  dated  __________________,   as  amended  and/or
     assigned by instrument(s) dated __________________, __________________, and
     _________________  (collectively,  the "Lease")  pursuant to which Landlord
     has leased to Sublandlord certain premises containing  approximately 13,652
     rentable square feet (the "Premises")  known as suite number 600 on the 6th
     floor of the building  commonly  known as Two Lafayette  Centre  located at
     1133 21st Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20036 (the "Building").

B.   Sublandlord  and  Subtenant  have entered into (or are about to enter into)
     that certain sublease agreement dated __________________ attached hereto as
     Exhibit A (the  "Sublease  Agreement")  pursuant to which  Sublandlord  has
     agreed to sublease to  Subtenant  certain  premises  described  as follows:
     ______________________________, (the "Sublet Premises") constituting all or
     a part of the Premises.

C.   Sublandlord and Subtenant have requested Landlord's consent to the Sublease
     Agreement.

D.   Landlord  has  agreed to give such  consent  upon the terms and  conditions
     contained in this Consent.

     NOW THEREFORE,  in consideration  of the foregoing  preambles which by this
reference are incorporated herein and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt  and  sufficiency  of which are  hereby  acknowledged,  Landlord  hereby
consents  to  the  Sublease   Agreement  subject  to  the  following  terms  and
conditions,  all of which are hereby  acknowledged  and agreed to by Sublandlord
and Subtenant:

1.   Sublease Agreement.  Sublandlord and Subtenant hereby represent that a true
     and complete copy of the Sublease  Agreement is attached  hereto and made a
     part hereof as Exhibit A.

2.   Representations.   Sublandlord   hereby   represents   and  warrants   that
     Sublandlord  (i) has full  power  and  authority  to  sublease  the  Sublet
     Premises to Subtenant, (ii) has not transferred or conveyed its interest in
     the Lease to any person or entity collaterally or otherwise,  and (iii) has
     full power and  authority  to enter into the  Sublease  Agreement  and this
     Consent.  Subtenant hereby  represents and warrants that Subtenant has full
     power and authority to enter into the Sublease Agreement and this Consent.

3.   Indemnity  and  Insurance.   Subtenant  hereby  assumes,  with  respect  to
     Landlord, all of the indemnity and insurance obligations of the Sublandlord
     under the Lease,  provided  that the  foregoing  shall not be  construed as
     relieving or releasing Sublandlord from any such obligations.

4.   No Release.  Nothing  contained in the  Sublease  Agreement or this Consent
     shall be construed as  relieving or releasing  Sublandlord  from any of its
     obligations under the Lease, it being expressly  understood and agreed that
     Sublandlord  shall  remain  liable  for  such  obligations  notwithstanding
     anything  contained  in the  Sublease  Agreement  or  this  Consent  or any
     subsequent assignment(s), sublease(s) or transfer(s) of the interest of the
     tenant under the Lease. Sublandlord shall be responsible for the collection
     of all rent due it from Subtenant, and for the performance of all the other
     terms and conditions of the Sublease  Agreement,  it being  understood that
     Landlord  is not a party to the  Sublease  Agreement  and,  notwithstanding
     anything to the contrary contained in the Sublease Agreement,  is not bound
     by any terms,  provisions  or  representations  contained  in the  Sublease
     Agreement and is not obligated to  Sublandlord  or Subtenant for any of the
     duties and obligations contained therein.

5.   Administrative  Fee.  Upon  Sublandlord's  execution  and  delivery of this
     Consent,  Sublandlord  shall  pay  to  Landlord  the  sum of  $2,000.00  in
     consideration  for  Landlord's  review of the  Sublease  Agreement  and the
     preparation and delivery of this Consent.

6.   No Transfer.  Subtenant  shall not further  sublease  the Sublet  Premises,
     assign its  interest  as the  Subtenant  under the  Sublease  Agreement  or
     otherwise  transfer  its  interest in the Sublet  Premises or the  Sublease
     Agreement to any person or entity without the written  consent of Landlord,
     which Landlord may withhold in its sole discretion.

7.   Lease.  In no  event  shall  the  Sublease  Agreement  or this  Consent  be
     construed as granting or conferring  upon the  Sublandlord or the Subtenant
     any greater rights than those contained in the Lease nor shall there be any
     diminution of the rights and  privileges  of the Landlord  under the Lease.
     Without limiting the scope of the preceding  sentence,  any construction or
     alterations  performed in or to the Sublet Premises shall be performed with
     Landlord's  prior  written  approval and in  accordance  with the terms and
     conditions of the Lease.

8.   Services.   Sublandlord   hereby   authorizes   Subtenant,   as  agent  for
     Sublandlord,  to obtain services and materials for or related to the Sublet
     Premises,  and Sublandlord agrees to pay for such services and materials as
     additional Rent under the Lease upon written demand from Landlord. However,
     as a convenience to Sublandlord,  Landlord may bill Subtenant  directly for
     such  services  and  materials,  or any  portion  thereof,  in which  event
     Subtenant  shall pay for the services and  materials so billed upon written
     demand,  provided that such billing shall not relieve  Sublandlord from its
     primary obligation to pay for such services and materials.

9.   Attornment.  If the Lease or Sublandlord's  right to possession  thereunder
     terminates  for any reason prior to expiration  of the Sublease  Agreement,
     Subtenant agrees,  at the election of Landlord,  to attorn to Landlord upon
     the then executory  terms and conditions of the Sublease  Agreement for the
     remainder of the term of the Sublease  Agreement.  If Landlord  does not so
     elect,  the  Sublease  Agreement  and all rights of Subtenant in the Sublet
     Premises  shall  terminate  upon the date of  termination  of the  Lease or
     Sublandlord's right to possession thereunder.

10.  Payments Under the Sublease. If at any time Sublandlord is in default under
     the terms of the Lease,  Landlord shall have the right to contact Subtenant
     and  require  Subtenant  to pay all rent due under the  Sublease  Agreement
     directly to Landlord until such time as Sublandlord has cured such default.
     Subtenant  agrees to pay such sums  directly to Landlord  if  requested  by
     Landlord, and Sublandlord agrees that any such sums paid by Subtenant shall
     be deemed  applied  against any sums owed by  Subtenant  under the Sublease
     Agreement.  Any such sums  received by  Landlord  from  Subtenant  shall be
     received  by  Landlord  on behalf of  Sublandlord  and shall be  applied by
     Landlord to any sums past due under the Lease, in such order of priority as
     required under the Lease or, if the Lease is silent in such regard, then in
     such order of priority as Landlord deems  appropriate.  The receipt of such
     funds by Landlord  shall in no manner be deemed to create a direct lease or
     sublease between Landlord and Subtenant.  If Subtenant fails to deliver its
     Sublease payments directly to Landlord as required herein following receipt
     of written  notice from Landlord as described  above,  then Landlord  shall
     have the right to remove any signage of  Subtenant,  at  Subtenant's  cost,
     located  outside the Premises or in the Building  lobby or elsewhere in the
     Building and to pursue any other  rights or remedies  available to Landlord
     at law or in equity.

11.  Sublandlord  Notice  Address.  If  Sublandlord  is  subleasing  the  entire
     Premises or otherwise  vacating the  Premises,  Sublandlord  shall  provide
     Landlord with a new address for notices to Sublandlord  under the Lease. If
     Sublandlord  fails to  provide  Landlord  with  written  notice of such new
     address,  then Landlord may continue to send notices to  Sublandlord at the
     address(es) provided in, and in accordance with the terms of, the Lease.

12.  Counterparts.  This  Consent  may be  executed  in  counterparts  and shall
     constitute  an agreement  binding on all parties  notwithstanding  that all
     parties  are  not  signatories  to the  original  or the  same  counterpart
     provided that all parties are furnished a copy or copies thereof reflecting
     the signature of all parties.


      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord, Sublandlord and Subtenant have executed this
Consent as of the date set forth above.

WITNESS/ATTEST:                 LANDLORD:

                                EOP-TWO  LAFAYETTE,  L.L.C.,  a Delaware limited
                                liability company

                                By:  EOP  Operating   Limited   Partnership,   a
                                     Delaware  limited  partnership,   its  sole
                                     member

                                     By: Equity  Office   Properties   Trust,  a
                                         Maryland real estate  investment trust,
                                         its general partner
--------------------------
                                         By:   __________________________
Name (print):  ________________
                                         Name: __________________________
---------------------------
                                         Title:   __________________________
Name (print):  ________________



WITNESS/ATTEST:                 SUBLANDLORD:

                                FEDERAL  AGRICULTURAL  MORTGAGE  CORPORATION,  a
                                federally chartered corporation

___________________________     By:   _____________________________

Name (print):  ________________ Name: _____________________________

___________________________     Title:      _____________________________

Name (print):  ________________



WITNESS/ATTEST:                 SUBTENANT:

___________________________     ________________________________________,   a(n)
                                ________________________________________
Name (print):  ________________
                                By:    _____________________________
_______________________________
                                Name:  _____________________________
Name (print):  ________________
                                Title: _____________________________
















<PAGE>




                                        1

                                    EXHIBIT H

                            JANITORIAL SPECIFICATIONS




<PAGE>




                                                                   Exhibit 99.2


                             [Farmer Mac Letterhead]




                                 March 27, 2002

Securities and Exchange Commission
450 Fifth Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C.  20549


      Re:   Confirmation of Arthur Andersen LLP's Representations

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (the "Corporation") is filing
its  Annual  Report on Form 10-K today with  consolidated  financial  statements
audited by Arthur Andersen LLP  ("Andersen").  In accordance with Temporary Note
3T to Article 3 of Regulation S-X, this letter confirms that the Corporation has
received certain required  representations from Andersen in a letter dated March
26, 2002.

     Andersen has represented to the  Corporation  that the audit was subject to
Andersen's quality control system for the U.S.  accounting and auditing practice
to provide reasonable  assurance that the engagement was conducted in compliance
with  professional  standards.  Andersen  further  represented  that  there  was
appropriate   continuity  of  Andersen   personnel  working  on  the  audit  and
availability  of national office  consultation.  Andersen  represented  that the
availability of personnel at foreign  affiliates of Andersen was not relevant to
this audit.


                                Very truly yours,

                             /s/ Nancy E. Corsiglia
                           ------------------------------
                               Nancy E. Corsiglia
                               Vice President - Finance and
                               Chief Financial Officer






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
