<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f10k_32703.txt
<TEXT>


             As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
                                 March 27, 2003

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                    FORM 10-K

(Mark One)
[X]  ANNUAL REPORT  PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  SECURITIES  EXCHANGE
     ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002.
                                       OR

[ ]  TRANSITION  REPORT  PURSUANT  TO SECTION  13  OR  15 (d) OF THE  SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from _____ to _____.

                         Commission File Number 0-17440
             -------------------------------------------------------

                    FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION
     ----------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

             Federally chartered
               instrumentality                        52-1578738
            of the United States
      ----------------------------------   ---------------------------------
       (State or other jurisdiction of     (I.R.S. employer identification
       incorporation or organization)      number)

        1133 21st Street, N.W., Suite
                    600,
              Washington, D.C.                          20036
      ----------------------------------   ---------------------------------
       (Address of principal executive                (Zip code)
                  offices)


                                 (202) 872-7700
              ---------------------------------------------------
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

<PAGE>


Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:


      Title of Each Class                       Exchange on Which Registered
      -------------------                       ----------------------------
Class A voting common stock                       New York Stock Exchange
Class C non-voting common stock                   New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Class B voting
common stock

     Indicate  by check mark  whether the  Registrant  (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during the  preceding  twelve  months  (or such  shorter  period  that the
Registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes   [X]               No    [  ]


     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

Yes   [X]               No    [  ]


     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K (17 C.F.R.  ss.229.405) is not contained herein,  and will
not be contained, to the best of the Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy
or  information  statements  incorporated  by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]


     The aggregate  market values of the Class A voting common stock and Class C
non-voting   common  stock  held  by   non-affiliates  of  the  Registrant  were
$22,677,160 and $269,629,603 respectively, based upon the closing prices for the
respective classes on June 28, 2002, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange.
The  aggregate  market  value  of  the  Class  B  voting  common  stock  is  not
ascertainable due to the absence of publicly available  quotations or prices for
the Class B voting  common  stock as a result of the  limited  market  for,  and
infrequency of trades in, Class B voting common stock and the fact that any such
trades are privately negotiated transactions.

     There were 1,030,780 shares of Class A voting common stock,  500,301 shares
of Class B voting  common  stock and  10,107,470  shares  of Class C  non-voting
common stock outstanding as of March 14, 2003.


                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     Proxy  Statement to be filed on or about April 18, 2003 in connection  with
the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on June 5, 2003 (portions of which
are incorporated by reference into Part II and Part III of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K).



                   _____________________________________________

<PAGE>
                                     PART I

Item 1.  Business

General


     The  Federal  Agricultural   Mortgage  Corporation  ("Farmer  Mac"  or  the
"Corporation") was chartered by the U.S. Congress in the Agricultural Credit Act
of 1987 (12 U.S.C.  ss.ss. 2279aa et seq.), which amended the Farm Credit Act of
1971 (collectively,  as amended,  the "Act").  Farmer Mac is a stockholder-owned
instrumentality  of the United  States that was created to establish a secondary
market for  agricultural  real estate and rural  housing  mortgage  loans and to
increase  the  availability  of  long-term  credit at stable  interest  rates to
American farmers, ranchers and rural homeowners. The Farmer Mac secondary market
for agricultural mortgage loans accomplishes that mission by providing liquidity
and lending capacity to agricultural mortgage lenders by:

     o    purchasing  newly originated and  pre-existing  ("seasoned")  eligible
          mortgage  loans  directly  from lenders  through its "cash window" and
          seasoned  eligible mortgage loans from lenders and other third parties
          in negotiated transactions;
     o    exchanging  newly  issued  agricultural   mortgage-backed   securities
          guaranteed  by Farmer Mac ("Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed  Securities")  for
          newly originated and seasoned  eligible mortgage loans that back those
          securities in "swap" transactions;
     o    issuing  long-term standby purchase  commitments  ("LTSPCs") for newly
          originated and seasoned eligible mortgage loans; and
     o    purchasing and guaranteeing  mortgage-backed bonds secured by eligible
          mortgage loans, which are referred to as AgVantage bonds.

     Farmer Mac conducts these activities through two programs--Farmer Mac I and
Farmer Mac II. Under the Farmer Mac I program,  Farmer Mac:

     o    purchases eligible mortgage loans;
     o    securitizes  eligible  mortgage  loans  purchased and  guarantees  the
          timely   payment  of  principal  and  interest  on  the   agricultural
          mortgage-backed securities backed by such loans; and
     o    commits to purchase  eligible  mortgage  loans  under  LTSPCs for such
          loans.

To be  eligible  for the  Farmer Mac I program,  loans  must meet  Farmer  Mac's
underwriting,  appraisal  and  documentation  standards  that are  discussed  in
"Farmer Mac Programs--Farmer Mac I--Loan Eligibility."

     Under the  Farmer  Mac II  program,  Farmer Mac  purchases  the  guaranteed
portions of loans guaranteed by the United States Department of Agriculture (the
"USDA-guaranteed   portions")  pursuant  to  the  Consolidated  Farm  and  Rural
Development Act (7 U.S.C. ss.ss. 1921 et seq.) and guarantees  securities backed
by those USDA-guaranteed portions purchased by Farmer Mac.

     Farmer Mac may retain Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities in its portfolio or
sell them to third parties.

     As of December  31,  2002,  outstanding  loans held by Farmer Mac and loans
that  either  back  Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  or are subject to LTSPCs
totaled $5.5 billion. For more information about Farmer Mac's securities and its
financial  performance,  see "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations."

      Farmer Mac's two principal sources of revenue are:

     o    fees received in connection  with  outstanding  Farmer Mac  Guaranteed
          Securities and LTSPCs; and
     o    net interest  income earned on its portfolio of Farmer Mac  Guaranteed
          Securities, mortgage loans, AgVantage bonds and investments.

     Farmer  Mac  funds  its  program   purchases   primarily  by  issuing  debt
obligations  of various  maturities.  As of December  31,  2002,  Farmer Mac had
outstanding  $2.9  billion of  discount  notes and $1.0  billion of  medium-term
notes. During 2002, the Corporation  continued its strategy of regularly issuing
debt to increase  its  presence  in the  capital  markets in order to reduce the
rates it pays on its debt,  which  allows  Farmer Mac to accept  lower  rates on
mortgages it purchases from lenders to farmers,  ranchers and rural  homeowners.
To the extent the  proceeds of the debt  issuances  exceed  Farmer Mac's need to
fund program  assets,  those  proceeds are invested in high quality  non-program
assets.

     Farmer Mac is an institution  of the Farm Credit System,  but is not liable
for any debt or obligation of any other  institution  of the Farm Credit System.
Likewise, neither the Farm Credit System nor any other individual institution of
the Farm Credit System is liable for any debt or obligation of Farmer Mac.

     The Farm  Credit  Administration  ("FCA"),  acting  through  its  Office of
Secondary Market  Oversight,  has general  regulatory and enforcement  authority
over Farmer Mac,  including the authority to  promulgate  rules and  regulations
governing the  activities  of Farmer Mac and to apply FCA's general  enforcement
powers  to Farmer  Mac and its  activities.  For a  discussion  of Farmer  Mac's
statutory  capital   requirements  and  its  capital  levels,   see  "Government
Regulation  of  Farmer  Mac--Regulation--Capital  Standards"  and  "Management's
Discussion    and   Analysis   of   Financial    Condition    and   Results   of
Operations--Balance   Sheet   Review--Capital"   and  "--Liquidity  and  Capital
Resources--Capital Requirements."

     Farmer Mac has three classes of common stock  outstanding--Class  A voting,
Class B voting and Class C  non-voting.  See  "Market  for  Registrant's  Common
Equity and Related Stockholder  Matters" for information  regarding Farmer Mac's
common stock. Farmer Mac issued $35 million of preferred stock in May 2002.

      As of December 31, 2002, Farmer Mac employed 33 persons, located primarily
at its principal executive offices at 1133 Twenty-First Street, N.W., Suite 600,
Washington, D.C. 20036. Farmer Mac's main telephone number is (202) 872-7700.

     Farmer Mac makes available free of charge at  www.farmermac.com  (under the
"Investors"  section)  copies of materials it files with,  or furnishes  to, the
U.S.  Securities and Exchange  Commission  ("SEC"),  including Annual Reports on
Form 10-K,  Quarterly  Reports on Form 10-Q,  Current  Reports on Form 8-K,  and
amendments  to  those  reports,   as  soon  as  reasonably   practicable   after
electronically  filing of such materials with, or furnishing to, the SEC. Please
note that all  references  to  www.farmermac.com  in this  report  are  inactive
textual  references  only and that the  information  contained  on Farmer  Mac's
website is not incorporated by reference into this report.

<PAGE>


                               FARMER MAC PROGRAMS


Farmer Mac I

      Loan Eligibility

     Under the  Farmer  Mac I  program,  Farmer  Mac  purchases,  or  commits to
purchase, eligible mortgage loans and guarantees the timely payment of principal
and interest on securities  backed by, or  representing  interests in,  eligible
mortgage loans. A loan is eligible for the Farmer Mac I program if it is:

     o    secured by a fee simple  mortgage or a long-term  leasehold  mortgage,
          with  status  as a first  lien on  agricultural  real  estate or rural
          housing (as defined below) located within the United States;
     o    an obligation of a citizen or national of the United States,  an alien
          lawfully  admitted for  permanent  residence in the United States or a
          private  corporation or  partnership  that is  majority-owned  by U.S.
          citizens, nationals or legal resident aliens;
     o    an obligation of a person,  corporation or partnership having training
          or  farming  experience  that is  sufficient  to  ensure a  reasonable
          likelihood that the loan will be repaid according to its terms; and
     o    in   conformance   with   Farmer   Mac's   underwriting,    appraisal,
          documentation  and  other  specified  standards  to  be  eligible  for
          participation  in the Farmer Mac I program.  See  "--Underwriting  and
          Appraisal  Standards"  and  "--Sellers"  for a  description  of  these
          standards.

     For purposes of the Farmer Mac I program,  agricultural  real estate is one
or more parcels of land, which may be improved by permanently  affixed buildings
or other structures, that:

     o    is used for the production of one or more agricultural  commodities or
          products; and
     o    consists  of a  minimum  of five  acres or  generates  minimum  annual
          receipts of $5,000.

Currently,  the  maximum  principal  amount  of  an  eligible  loan  secured  by
agricultural  real estate is $3.9 million,  as adjusted  annually for inflation,
for loans  secured by more than 1,000 acres of land and $12.0  million for loans
secured by 1,000 acres or less.

     For  purposes  of the  Farmer  Mac I  program,  rural  housing is a one- to
four-family, owner-occupied,  moderately priced principal residence located in a
community  with a  population  of 2,500 or less.  As of March 2003,  the maximum
purchase price or current appraised value for a dwelling,  excluding the land to
which the dwelling is affixed, that secures a rural housing loan is $191,286, as
adjusted for inflation.  In addition to the dwelling  itself,  an eligible rural
housing  loan can be  secured by land  associated  with the  dwelling  having an
appraised  value of no more than 50 percent of the total  appraised value of the
combined  property.  To date,  loans meeting the eligibility  criteria under the
rural  housing  segment of Farmer  Mac's  requirements  have not  represented  a
significant part of Farmer Mac's business.

      Purchases

     Loan  Purchases.  Farmer Mac offers  credit  products  that are intended to
increase the secondary market  liquidity of agricultural  mortgage loans and the
lending capacity of financial  institutions that originate agricultural mortgage
loans, while permitting Farmer Mac to efficiently  securitize  eligible mortgage
loans acquired through its secondary market  activities.  Farmer Mac enters into
mandatory and optional  delivery  commitments  to purchase loans and prices such
commitments daily through its cash window.  Because the  securitization  process
requires the grouping of loans into uniform  pools,  Farmer Mac  emphasizes  the
importance  of conformity  to its program  requirements,  including the interest
rate, amortization,  maturity and payment frequency  specifications.  Farmer Mac
also purchases portfolios of newly originated and seasoned loans on a negotiated
basis through its cash window.  Farmer Mac purchases fixed- and  adjustable-rate
loans  primarily,  but  also  may  purchase  other  types  of  loans,  including
convertible  mortgage  loans.  Loans  purchased  by Farmer Mac have a variety of
maturities and often include  balloon  payments.  Loans  purchased or subject to
purchase   commitments  also  may  include   provisions  that  require  a  yield
maintenance  payment  or some other  form of  prepayment  penalty in the event a
borrower  prepays a loan (depending upon the level of interest rates at the time
of prepayment).

     During 2002,  Farmer Mac purchased $747.9 million of loans through its cash
window, including a $489.5 million loan portfolio in second quarter 2002. Of the
loans purchased during 2002, 76 percent included balloon payments and 54 percent
included yield maintenance prepayment  protection.  Excluding the second quarter
loan portfolio  purchase  transaction,  during 2002 Farmer Mac's top ten sellers
generated  73.8 percent of the total  Farmer Mac I cash window loan  volume,  of
which Zions First National Bank, Farmer Mac's largest combined Class A and Class
C  stockholder,  accounted for 29.9 percent.  Including the second  quarter loan
portfolio  purchase  transaction,  the top ten sellers generated 90.0 percent of
the total Farmer Mac I loan purchase volume,  of which Zions First National Bank
accounted for 10.3 percent.  For more  information  regarding  loan volume,  see
"Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operations--Results of Operations--Business Volume."

     Mortgage-Backed Bond Purchases.  Farmer Mac purchases and guarantees timely
payment of  principal  and  interest on  mortgage-backed  bonds,  referred to as
AgVantage  bonds,  issued by  institutions  approved by Farmer  Mac.  Farmer Mac
assesses  an  institution's   agricultural   loan   underwriting  and  servicing
capabilities  as well as its  creditworthiness  in approving an institution  for
AgVantage bond sales to Farmer Mac.

     Each AgVantage bond is a general obligation of the issuing  institution and
is secured by eligible  collateral in an amount  ranging from 120 percent to 150
percent of the bond's outstanding principal amount. Eligible collateral consists
of loans that meet the same loan  eligibility  criteria applied by Farmer Mac in
its loan purchases and commitments and have an outstanding  aggregate  principal
balance equal to at least 100 percent of the bond's outstanding principal amount
plus cash or securities  issued by the U.S.  Treasury or guaranteed by an agency
or  instrumentality  of the United  States that make up any  remaining  required
collateral.  During  2002,  Farmer  Mac  purchased  nine  AgVantage  bonds  with
maturities  ranging  from one month to three years (most of which were less than
one year) from five  institutions  resulting in Farmer Mac  guarantees  of $13.5
million. As of December 31, 2002, the outstanding  principal amount of AgVantage
bonds was $28.6 million.  To date, Farmer Mac has experienced no losses, nor has
it been called upon to make a guarantee payment, on any of its AgVantage bonds.

      Off-Balance Sheet Guarantees and Commitments

     Farmer Mac offers two  Farmer Mac I credit  enhancement  alternatives  that
allow  approved  agricultural  and rural  residential  mortgage  lenders both to
retain the cash flow  benefits of their loans and increase  their  liquidity and
lending capacity. These alternatives are:

     o    a swap  transaction,  in which Farmer Mac acquires eligible loans from
          sellers in exchange  for Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  backed by
          those loans. As consideration for its assumption of the credit risk on
          loans  underlying  the Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities,  Farmer Mac
          receives  an  annual  guarantee  fee  payable  in  arrears  out of the
          periodic loan interest  payments and based on the outstanding  balance
          of the Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities.
     o    an  LTSPC,  which is not a  guarantee  of loans or  securities,  but a
          Farmer Mac  commitment  to purchase  loans from a  segregated  pool of
          loans on one or more  undetermined  future dates. As consideration for
          its assumption of the credit risk on loans underlying an LTSPC, Farmer
          Mac receives an annual  commitment fee payable in arrears based on the
          timing of payments on the underlying loans and the outstanding balance
          of those loans,  in an amount  approximating  what would have been the
          guarantee fee if the transaction  were structured as a swap for Farmer
          Mac Guaranteed Securities.

     An LTSPC or a swap for Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities may involve loans
with payment,  maturity and interest rate characteristics that differ from those
purchased  through the cash window.  Both a swap and an LTSPC permit a seller to
nominate  from its  portfolio a segregated  pool of loans,  subject to review by
Farmer Mac for conformance with its underwriting and appraisal  standards.  Upon
Farmer Mac's acceptance of the eligible loans,  whether under a swap transaction
or an LTSPC, the seller effectively  transfers the credit risk on those loans to
Farmer  Mac,  thereby  reducing  the  seller's  credit  and  concentration  risk
exposures  and,  consequently,  its  regulatory  capital  and its  loss  reserve
requirements.  Only the  LTSPC  structure  permits  the  seller  to  retain  the
segregated  loan pool in its  portfolio  until such time, if ever, as the seller
delivers some or all of the  segregated  loans to Farmer Mac for purchase  under
the LTSPC.  An LTSPC commits  Farmer Mac to a future  purchase of loans that met
Farmer Mac's  underwriting  standards at the time the loans first became subject
to the LTSPC and Farmer Mac assumed the credit risk on loans.

      Farmer Mac generally purchases loans subject to an LTSPC at:

     o    par plus  accrued  interest,  for any loans that  become  four  months
          delinquent;
     o    a  mark-to-market  price,  for any loan that is not  delinquent,  is a
          standard  Farmer  Mac cash  window  loan  product  and that the seller
          offers  to sell to  Farmer  Mac for  cash  or  Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed
          Securities; or
     o    a  mark-to-market  negotiated  price for cash or Farmer Mac Guaranteed
          Securities  for all (but not  some) of the  loans in the pool that are
          not four months delinquent.

     In 2002, LTSPCs continued to develop as a significant portion of the Farmer
Mac I program and were the preferred credit enhancement alternative for non-cash
transactions.  As of December  31,  2002,  Farmer Mac had  committed to purchase
under its LTSPCs a cumulative  total of 10,450  eligible  mortgage loans with an
aggregate  principal  balance of $2.7 billion.  For more  information  regarding
guarantee  and LTSPC  volume,  see  "Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis  of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Results  of  Operations--Business
Volume."

      Underwriting and Appraisal Standards

     Farmer  Mac  has  established  underwriting  and  appraisal  standards  for
agricultural  mortgage loans to mitigate the risk of loss from borrower defaults
and to provide guidance concerning the management, administration and conduct of
underwriting and appraisals to all  participating  sellers and potential sellers
in its programs.  These  standards were developed on the basis of industry norms
for agricultural  mortgage loans and are designed to assess the creditworthiness
of the borrower,  as well as the value of the mortgaged property relative to the
amount of the mortgage loan. Farmer Mac requires sellers to make representations
and  warranties  regarding the  conformity of eligible  mortgage  loans to these
standards and other requirements it may impose from time to time.

     Farmer Mac I credit  underwriting  standards require that the loan-to-value
ratio for any loan not  exceed  70  percent,  except  that a loan  secured  by a
livestock  facility and supported by a contract  with an integrator  may have an
LTV of up to 75 percent,  a part-time  farm loan  supported by private  mortgage
insurance may have an LTV of up to 85 percent and a rural housing loan supported
by private mortgage  insurance may have an LTV of up to 97 percent.  In the case
of newly  originated  loans that are not part-time  farm or rural housing loans,
borrowers  on the loans  must,  among  other  criteria  set out in Farmer  Mac's
underwriting  standards,  also meet the  following  standard pro forma (that is,
giving effect to the new loan) credit ratios:

     o    debt-to-asset ratio of 50 percent or less;
     o    cash flow debt service coverage ratio on the mortgaged property of not
          less than 1:1;
     o    total debt service coverage ratio, including farm and non-farm income,
          of not less than 1.25:1; and
     o    ratio of current assets to current liabilities of not less than 1:1.

     Farmer Mac's underwriting standards provide for acceptance of loans that do
not  conform  to one or more of the  standard  underwriting  ratios,  other than
loan-to-value, when:

     o    those  loans  exceed one or more of the  underwriting  standards  to a
          degree  that  compensates  for  noncompliance  with one or more  other
          standards, referred to as compensating strengths; and
     o    those  loans  are  made  to  producers  of   particular   agricultural
          commodities  in a segment of  agriculture  in which such  compensating
          strengths are typical of the financial condition of sound borrowers in
          that segment.

Farmer  Mac's use of  compensating  strengths is not intended to provide a basis
for waiving or lessening the requirement that eligible  mortgage loans under the
Farmer Mac I program be of consistently high quality. In fact, loans approved on
the basis of  compensating  strengths  show a lower rate of default than that of
loans that conformed to all of the standard  credit  ratios.  As of December 31,
2002, a total of $1.4 billion (30 percent) of the  outstanding  balance of loans
held and loans underlying  LTSPCs and Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities issued
after the  enactment  of the Farm  Credit  System  Reform Act of 1996 (the "1996
Act") were approved based upon  compensating  strengths  ($30.8 million of which
had original  loan-to-value  ratios of greater  than 70  percent).  During 2002,
$327.7  million (28  percent) of the loans  purchased or added under LTSPCs were
approved based upon  compensating  strengths ($9.3 million of which had original
loan-to-value ratios of greater than 70 percent).

     In the case of a seasoned loan, Farmer Mac considers sustained  performance
to be a reliable  alternative  indicator of a borrower's ability to pay the loan
according to its terms.  A seasoned  loan  generally  will be deemed an eligible
loan if:

     o    it  has  been   outstanding   for  at  least  five  years  and  has  a
          loan-to-value ratio of 60 percent or less;
     o    there  have been no  payments  more than 30 days past due  during  the
          previous three years; and
     o    there have been no material restructurings or modifications for credit
          reasons during the previous five years.

     A seasoned loan that has been  outstanding  for more than one year but less
than five years must  substantially  comply with the underwriting  standards for
newly originated loans as of the date the loan was originated by the lender. The
loan must also have a payment  history  that shows no payment  more than 30 days
past due during the three-year period  immediately prior to the date the loan is
either  purchased  by  Farmer  Mac or made  subject  to an  LTSPC.  As with  the
secondary  market for residential  mortgages,  there is no requirement that each
loan's compliance with the underwriting  standards be re-evaluated  after Farmer
Mac accepts the loan into its program.

     The due  diligence  Farmer Mac  performs  before  purchasing,  guaranteeing
securities  backed  by  or  committing  to  purchase  seasoned  loans  includes:
evaluation of loan database  information to determine conformity to the criteria
set forth in the preceding paragraphs;  confirmation that loan file data conform
to database information; validation of supporting credit information in the loan
files;  and  review of loan  collateral  appraisals.  All of the  foregoing  are
performed  through methods that give due regard to the size,  age,  leverage and
nature of the collateral for the loans.

     In the case of rural  housing and  part-time  farm loans,  the borrower may
finance up to 97 percent and 85 percent, respectively, of the appraised value of
the  property  if the amount  above 80  percent  is covered by private  mortgage
insurance. For newly originated part-time farm loans, the borrower must generate
sufficient income from all sources to repay all creditors. A borrower's capacity
to repay debt obligations is determined by two tests:

     o    the borrower's monthly mortgage  payment-to-income  ratio should be 28
          percent or less; and
     o    the  borrower's  monthly  debt  payment-to-income  ratio  should be 36
          percent or less.

     Farmer Mac's appraisal standards for newly originated loans require,  among
other things,  that the  appraisal  function be performed  independently  of the
credit  decision-making   process  and  conform  to  the  Uniform  Standards  of
Professional  Appraisal Practice  promulgated by the Appraisal  Standards Board.
Farmer Mac's appraisal  standards require the appraisal function to be conducted
or administered by an individual  meeting specific  qualification and competence
criteria and who:

     o    is not  associated,  except by the engagement for the appraisal,  with
          the credit  underwriters  making the loan  decision,  though  both the
          appraiser  and the credit  underwriter  may be directly or  indirectly
          employed by a common employer;
     o    receives no financial or professional benefit of any kind by virtue of
          the report content,  valuation or credit decision made or based on the
          appraisal product; and
     o    has no present or contemplated  future direct or indirect  interest in
          the appraised property.

The appraisal  standards also require uniform reporting of reliable and credible
opinions   of  the  market   value,   market  rent  and   property   net  income
characteristics of the mortgaged property and the relative market forces.

     Farmer Mac requires current  collateral  valuations in conformance with the
Uniform Standards of Professional  Appraisal Practice for newly originated loans
purchased  or placed  under a Farmer Mac I  Guaranteed  Security  or LTSPC.  For
seasoned loans, Farmer Mac obtains appraisal updates as considered  necessary by
its assessment of collateral risk determined in the due diligence process.

     Farmer Mac personnel include experienced  agricultural credit underwriters,
appraisers and servicers who perform those  functions with respect to many loans
that come into the Farmer Mac I program.  In addition,  those personnel  oversee
the  activities of several  servicing  centers to which Farmer Mac  outsources a
significant amount of its underwriting function in order to access the expertise
and specialized  knowledge of several  industry-recognized  third-party  service
providers throughout the country.  The outsourcing  agreements afford Farmer Mac
the benefits of those servicing centers at fees based upon marginal costs, which
allows  Farmer Mac to avoid the fixed  costs  associated  with such  operations.
Farmer Mac supervises and monitors the performance of the outsourced  functions.
Farmer Mac believes  that the  combined  expertise  of our  third-party  service
providers  and our  internal  staff  provides  the  Corporation  with  access to
adequate resources for performing the necessary underwriting functions.

      Sellers

     During 2002, there were 79 approved loan sellers active in the Farmer Mac I
program,   as  compared  with  72  sellers  during  2001.   Sellers  range  from
single-office  to multi-branch  institutions,  spanning  community  banks,  Farm
Credit System  associations,  mortgage companies,  large multi-state Farm Credit
System banks,  commercial  banks and insurance  companies.  To be considered for
approval  as a Farmer  Mac I  seller,  a  financial  institution  must  meet the
criteria that Farmer Mac establishes, including:

     o    ownership  of a  requisite  amount  of  Farmer  Mac Class A or Class B
          voting common stock  according to a schedule  prescribed  for the size
          and type of institution;
     o    demonstrated  ability  and  experience  to make or  purchase  and sell
          agricultural mortgage loans of the type that will qualify for purchase
          by Farmer Mac and  service  such  mortgage  loans in  accordance  with
          Farmer  Mac  requirements  either  through  its own  staff or  through
          contractors and originators;
     o    maintenance of a minimum adjusted net worth of $1.0 million;
     o    maintenance  of a fidelity  bond and errors  and  omissions  insurance
          coverage (or acceptable substitute insurance coverage) in a prescribed
          amount according to the size of the institution; and
     o    signing a  Seller/Servicer  Agreement  to comply with the terms of the
          Farmer  Mac  Seller/Servicer  Guide,  including   representations  and
          warranties regarding the origination and sale of eligible loans.

      Servicing

     Farmer Mac generally does not directly service loans held in its portfolio,
although  it does  act as  "master  servicer"  for  pools  of  loans  and  loans
underlying Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities and may assume direct servicing for
certain  impaired loans.  Farmer Mac's loans and the loans underlying its Farmer
Mac  Guaranteed  Securities are serviced only by Farmer  Mac-approved  servicing
entities  that have entered into central  servicing  contracts  with Farmer Mac.
Sellers of  eligible  mortgage  loans sold into the Farmer Mac I program  have a
right to retain certain "field servicing"  functions  (typically direct borrower
contacts) and may enter into contracts with Farmer Mac's central  servicers that
specify such servicing functions.

      Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities

     Farmer Mac  guarantees  the timely  payment of  principal  and  interest on
Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities.  Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities  backed by
mortgage  loans eligible for the Farmer Mac I program are referred to as "Farmer
Mac I Guaranteed Securities."

     By  statute,  public  offerings  of Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  are
required  to be  registered  with the SEC under  the  federal  securities  laws.
Accordingly,  Farmer Mac, through its subsidiary Farmer Mac Mortgage  Securities
Corporation, maintains a shelf registration statement with the SEC through which
Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  may be publicly  offered  from time to time.
Farmer  Mac  also  may  offer  Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  in  private,
unregistered  offerings.  U.S. Bank  National  Association,  a national  banking
association based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, or Farmer Mac serves as trustee for
the  trusts  that  acquire  eligible  loans  and  issue  Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed
Securities.

     Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities are agricultural  mortgage pass-through
certificates  guaranteed by Farmer Mac that  represent  beneficial  interests in
pools of loans or in  obligations  backed by pools of loans.  All  Farmer  Mac I
Guaranteed  Securities  issued  during and since 1996 have been single  class or
multiclass "grantor trust" pass-through  certificates.  These securities entitle
each  investor in a class of  securities to receive a portion of the payments of
principal  and  interest  on the related  underlying  pool of loans equal to the
investor's proportionate interest in the pool. These securities also may support
other  Farmer  Mac I  Guaranteed  Securities,  including  real  estate  mortgage
investment  conduit  securities,  commonly  referred  to as  REMICs,  and  other
agricultural  mortgage-backed  securities.  Farmer Mac I  Guaranteed  Securities
issued prior to the  enactment of changes to Farmer Mac's  statutory  charter in
1996 are  supported  by  unguaranteed  first-loss  subordinated  interests  that
represented ten percent of the balance of the loans underlying the securities at
issuance.

     Farmer Mac I  Guaranteed  Securities  are not assets of Farmer Mac,  except
when  acquired  for  investment  purposes,  nor  are  Farmer  Mac  I  Guaranteed
Securities  recorded  as  liabilities  on Farmer  Mac's  consolidated  financial
statements. Farmer Mac, however, is liable under its guarantee on the securities
to make timely payments to investors of principal  (including  balloon payments)
and interest based on the scheduled payments on the underlying loans, regardless
of whether the grantor  trust has actually  received  such  scheduled  payments.
Because it  guarantees  timely  payments on Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities,
Farmer  Mac  assumes  the  ultimate  credit  risk of  borrower  defaults  on the
underlying loans, which are subject to the Farmer Mac's  Underwriting  Standards
described  above  in   "--Underwriting   and  Appraisal   Standards."  See  also
"Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operations--Risk Management--Credit Risk - Loans."

     Farmer Mac receives guarantee fees in return for its guarantee  obligations
on Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities.  These fees are collected as installment
payments are made on the underlying  loans until those loans have been repaid or
otherwise liquidated (generally as a result of default). The aggregate amount of
guarantee fees received on Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities  depends upon the
amount of such securities  outstanding  and on the guarantee fee rate,  which is
capped by statute at 50 basis points (0.50 percent) per annum.  The Farmer Mac I
guarantee  fee rate  typically  ranges from 40 to 50 basis  points (0.40 to 0.50
percent)  per  annum,  depending  on the credit  quality  of and other  criteria
regarding  the  loans.  The  amount  of  Farmer  Mac  I  Guaranteed   Securities
outstanding is influenced by the repayment rates on the underlying  loans and by
the rate at which Farmer Mac issues new Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities.  In
general,  when the level of  interest  rates  declines  significantly  below the
interest rates on loans underlying Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities,  the rate
of prepayments is likely to increase; conversely, when interest rates rise above
the interest rates on the loans underlying  Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities,
the rate of  prepayments  is likely to  decrease.  In  addition  to  changes  in
interest  rates,  the rate of  principal  payments  on Farmer  Mac I  Guaranteed
Securities is also  influenced by a variety of economic,  demographic  and other
considerations,  including yield maintenance provisions that are associated with
many of the  loans  underlying  Farmer  Mac I  Guaranteed  Securities.  For more
information regarding yield maintenance provisions, see "Management's Discussion
and   Analysis  of   Financial   Condition   and  Results  of   Operations--Risk
Management--Interest Rate Risk."

     For each of the years  ended  December  31,  2002 and 2001,  the  amount of
Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities  sold to third parties totaled $47.7 million
and $77.4 million,  respectively, at no gain or loss. The amount of Farmer Mac I
Guaranteed  Securities added to Farmer Mac's consolidated  balance sheet in 2001
was $33.9 million, none of which was purchased from third parties. Because loans
purchased and securitized  during 2002 are accounted for as loans (see Note 2(e)
to the consolidated financial statements), there were no Farmer Mac I Guaranteed
Securities added to the consolidated balance sheet during 2002.

      Farmer Mac I Transactions

     During the year ended  December  31, 2002,  Farmer Mac  purchased or placed
under  guarantee  or LTSPC $1.9 billion of loans under the Farmer Mac I program.
The 1996 Act revised Farmer Mac's statutory charter to eliminate the requirement
of a first-loss subordinated interest in Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities.  As
of December 31, 2002,  loans held and loans  underlying  Farmer Mac I Guaranteed
Securities  and LTSPCs  totaled $4.9  billion.  In addition,  as of December 31,
2002,  $32.0 million of Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities  issued prior to the
1996 Act were outstanding.

     The following table  summarizes  loans purchased or placed under guarantees
or LTSPCs  under the Farmer Mac I program for each of the years  ended  December
31, 2002, 2001 and 2000.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 ----------------------------------------------
                                        For the Year Ended December 31,
                                 ----------------------------------------------
                                      2002           2001            2000
                                 --------------- -------------- ---------------
                                                 (in thousands)

<S>                               <C>            <C>              <C>
 New purchases and guarantees       $ 747,881      $ 272,127       $ 442,246
 LTSPCs                             1,155,479      1,032,967         373,202
                                 --------------- -------------- ---------------
  Total                            $1,903,360     $1,305,094       $ 815,448
                                 --------------- -------------- ---------------
</TABLE>

     The following table presents the outstanding balances of Farmer Mac I loans
and loans  underlying  Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities  and LTSPCs as of the
dates indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                 Outstanding Balances
                                                  as of December 31,
                                          --------------------------------
                                                2002             2001
                                          ---------------  ---------------
                                                  (in thousands)
<S>                                        <C>              <C>
 Post-1996 Act:
   Loans and Guaranteed Securities          $ 2,168,994      $ 1,658,716
   LTSPCs                                     2,681,240        1,884,260
 Pre-1996 Act                                    31,960           48,979
                                          ---------------  ---------------
   Total Farmer Mac I program               $ 4,882,194      $ 3,591,955
                                          ---------------  ---------------
</TABLE>

      Funding of Guarantee and Purchase Commitment Obligations

     The  principal   sources  of  funding  for  the  payment  of  Farmer  Mac's
obligations  under its guarantees and LTSPCs are the fees for its guarantees and
commitments,  net interest income and the proceeds of debt issuance.  Farmer Mac
satisfies  its  guarantee  and purchase  commitment  obligations  by  purchasing
defaulted  loans  out of LTSPCs  and from the  related  trusts  for  Farmer  Mac
Guaranteed  Securities.  Farmer Mac typically recovers a significant  portion of
the value of defaulted loans purchased  either through borrower  payments,  loan
payoffs,  payments by third parties or  foreclosure  and sale.  Ultimate  losses
arising  from Farmer  Mac's  guarantees  and  commitments  are  reflected in the
Corporation's  charge-offs against its allowance for losses. During 2002, Farmer
Mac's net  charge-offs  were  $4.1  million,  compared  to $2.2  million  in net
charge-offs  during  2001.  The Act  requires  Farmer  Mac to set  aside,  as an
allowance for losses in a reserve  account,  a portion of the guarantee  fees it
receives from its guarantee activities. Among other things, that reserve account
must be exhausted  before Farmer Mac may issue  obligations  to the Secretary of
the Treasury  against the $1.5 billion Farmer Mac is  statutorily  authorized to
borrow from the Secretary of the Treasury to fulfill its guarantee  obligations.
This borrowing  authority is not intended to be used as a routine funding source
and has never been used.

     Although  total  outstanding  guarantees  exceed  the  amount  held  as  an
allowance for losses and the amount it may borrow from the U.S. Treasury, Farmer
Mac does not expect  its  obligations  under the  guarantees  to exceed  amounts
available to satisfy those obligations.  For information regarding the allowance
for losses, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations--Risk Management--Credit Risk - Loans," Note 2(j) and Note
8 to the consolidated  financial  statements.  For a more detailed discussion of
Farmer Mac's borrowing authority from the Treasury,  see "Farmer Mac's Authority
to Borrow From The U.S. Treasury."

      Portfolio Diversification

     It is Farmer  Mac's  policy to  diversify  its  portfolio of loans held and
loans underlying Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs both geographically
and by commodity.  Farmer Mac directs its marketing efforts toward  agricultural
lenders   throughout   the   nation  to   achieve   commodity   and   geographic
diversification  in its exposure to credit risk.  Farmer Mac measures its credit
exposure in particular geographic regions and commodities as a percentage of the
total principal amount of all loans outstanding, adjusted for the credit quality
of the loans in that  particular  geographic  region or commodity group based on
the   loan-to-value,   debt  service  coverage,   equity-to-asset   and  working
capital-to-current asset ratios.

     Farmer Mac is not  obligated to buy every loan  submitted to it by eligible
sellers  that  meets  its  underwriting  and  appraisal  standards.  Farmer  Mac
considers other factors such as its overall portfolio diversification, commodity
and farming  forecasts and risk  management  objectives  in deciding  whether to
accept  the loans  into the  Farmer Mac I  program.  For  example,  if  industry
forecasts  indicate possible weakness in a geographic area or commodity,  Farmer
Mac may decide not to  purchase or commit to purchase a loan as part of managing
its overall  portfolio  exposure to areas of possible  heightened risk exposure.
Because  Farmer Mac  effectively  assumes  the credit risk on all loans under an
LTSPC, Farmer Mac's commodity and geographic diversification disclosures reflect
all loans  under  LTSPCs  and any loans  that have been  purchased  out of LTSPC
pools. For information  regarding the  diversification  of Farmer Mac's existing
portfolio,  see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations--Risk  Management--Credit  Risk - Loans" and Note 8 to the
consolidated financial statements.

Farmer Mac II

      General

     The Farmer Mac II program was  initiated  in 1992 and is  authorized  under
sections 8.0(3) and 8.0(9)(B) of the Farmer Mac's  statutory  charter (12 U.S.C.
ss.ss. 2279aa(3) and 2279aa(9)(B)), which provide that:

     o    USDA-guaranteed portions are statutorily included in the definition of
          loans eligible for Farmer Mac's secondary market programs;
     o    USDA-guaranteed portions are exempted from the underwriting, appraisal
          and repayment  standards that all other loans must meet to be eligible
          for Farmer Mac programs, and are exempted from any diversification and
          internal  credit  enhancement  that may be  required of pools of other
          loans eligible for Farmer Mac programs; and
     o    Farmer  Mac is  authorized  to pool and issue  Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed
          Securities backed by USDA-guaranteed portions.

      United States Department of Agriculture Guaranteed Loan Programs

     The USDA,  acting through its various agencies,  currently  administers the
federal rural credit programs first  developed in the mid-1930s.  The USDA makes
direct   loans  and   guarantees   portions  of  loans  made  and   serviced  by
USDA-qualified  lenders for various purposes.  The USDA's guarantee is supported
by the full  faith and  credit of the United  States.  USDA-guaranteed  portions
represent up to 95 percent of the principal amount of guaranteed loans.

     Through its Farmer Mac II program,  Farmer Mac is one of several  competing
purchasers of  USDA-guaranteed  portions of farm ownership loans, farm operating
loans,  business and industry loans and other loans that are fully guaranteed as
to principal and interest by the USDA (collectively, the "guaranteed loans").


     USDA Guarantees.  Each USDA guarantee is a full faith and credit obligation
of the United States and becomes enforceable if a lender fails to repurchase the
USDA-guaranteed  portion from its owner within 30 days after written demand from
the owner when:

     o    the borrower under the guaranteed  loan is in default not less than 60
          days  in  the  payment  of  any  principal  or  interest  due  on  the
          USDA-guaranteed portion; or
     o    the lender has  failed to remit to the owner the  payment  made by the
          borrower on the  USDA-guaranteed  portion or any related  loan subsidy
          within 30 days after the lender's receipt of the payment.

     If the lender does not repurchase the  USDA-guaranteed  portion as provided
above,  the USDA is  required to purchase  the unpaid  principal  balance of the
USDA-guaranteed  portion  together  with accrued  interest  (including  any loan
subsidy) to the date of purchase,  less the servicing fee,  within 30 days after
written  demand upon the USDA by the owner.  While the USDA  guarantee  will not
cover the note interest to the owner on USDA-guaranteed  portions accruing after
90 days from the date of the original  demand  letter of the owner to the lender
requesting  repurchase,  Farmer Mac has established procedures to require prompt
tendering of USDA-guaranteed portions.

     If in the opinion of the lender  (with the  concurrence  of the USDA) or in
the opinion of the USDA, repurchase of the USDA-guaranteed  portion is necessary
to service  the  related  guaranteed  loan  adequately,  the owner will sell the
USDA-guaranteed  portion to the lender or USDA for an amount equal to the unpaid
principal  balance and accrued  interest  (including  any loan  subsidy) on such
USDA-guaranteed  portion less the lender's  servicing fee.  Federal  regulations
prohibit the lender from  repurchasing  USDA-guaranteed  portions for  arbitrage
purposes.

     Lenders.  Any lender authorized by the USDA to obtain a USDA guarantee on a
loan may sell loans to Farmer Mac  through  the  Farmer  Mac II  program.  As of
December 31, 2002,  there were 143 active  lenders in the Farmer Mac II program,
consisting  mostly of community  and regional  banks,  an increase of 27 lenders
from December 31, 2001.

     Loan  Servicing.  The  lender  on  each  guaranteed  loan  is  required  by
regulation to retain the unguaranteed portion of the guaranteed loan, to service
the entire underlying  guaranteed loan,  including the USDA-guaranteed  portion,
and to remain  mortgagee  and/or  secured party of record.  The  USDA-guaranteed
portion and the unguaranteed portion of the underlying guaranteed loan are to be
secured  by the same  security  with equal lien  priority.  The  USDA-guaranteed
portion cannot be paid later than or in any way be  subordinated  to the related
unguaranteed portion.

      Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities

     Farmer Mac  guarantees  the timely  payment of  principal  and  interest on
Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities backed by USDA-guaranteed  portions.  Farmer
Mac does not guarantee the repayment of the USDA-guaranteed  portions,  only the
Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities that are backed by USDA-guaranteed portions.
In  addition  to  purchasing  USDA-guaranteed  portions  for  retention  in  its
portfolio,  Farmer Mac offers Farmer Mac II Guaranteed  Securities to lenders in
swap transactions or to other investors for cash.

      Farmer Mac II Transactions

     During the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2001, Farmer Mac issued $173.0
million and $198.2 million of Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities, respectively.
As of December 31, 2002, $645.8 million Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities were
outstanding.  See Note 5 and Note 12 to the consolidated  financial  statements.
The following table presents Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities issued for each
of the years indicated:

 <TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 ----------------------------------------------
                                        For the Year Ended December 31,
                                 ----------------------------------------------
                                      2002           2001            2000
                                 --------------- --------------  --------------
                                                 (in thousands)

<S>                                <C>            <C>             <C>
 Purchased and retained             $ 173,011      $ 186,679       $ 124,693
 Swaps (issued to third parties)            -         11,492          68,812
                                 --------------- --------------  --------------
  Total                             $ 173,011      $ 198,171       $ 193,505
                                 --------------- --------------  --------------
</TABLE>
     The  following  table  presents  the  outstanding  balance of Farmer Mac II
Guaranteed Securities as of the dates indicated:

 <TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                 Outstanding Balance of
                          Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities
                                   as of December 31,
                       -----------------------------------------
                              2002                   2001
                       ------------------    -------------------
                                    (in thousands)

<S>                       <C>                    <C>
 On-balance sheet          $ 578,681              $ 516,747
 Off-balance sheet            67,109                 78,409
                       ------------------    -------------------
   Total                   $ 645,790              $ 595,156
                       ------------------    -------------------
</TABLE>

To date, Farmer Mac has experienced no credit losses on any of its Farmer Mac II
transactions.  As of December 31, 2002 and 2001, Farmer Mac had outstanding $1.2
million and $1.7 million of principal and interest  advances,  respectively,  on
Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities.

Financing

      Debt Issuance

     Section  8.6(e)  of  Farmer  Mac's   statutory   charter  (12  U.S.C.   ss.
2279aa-6(e))  authorizes  Farmer  Mac to  issue  debt  obligations  to  purchase
eligible  mortgage  loans and Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities and to maintain
reasonable amounts for business operations, including adequate liquidity. Farmer
Mac  funds  its  program  purchases   primarily  by  issuing  debt  obligations,
consisting of discount notes and medium-term notes of various maturities, in the
public capital  markets.  Farmer Mac also issues  discount notes and medium-term
notes to  obtain  monies  to  finance  its  investments,  transaction  costs and
guarantee and LTSPC payments.

     The  Corporation's  discount notes and medium-term notes are obligations of
Farmer  Mac only,  are not  rated by any  rating  agency  and the  interest  and
principal  thereon  are  not  guaranteed  by  and  do not  constitute  debts  or
obligations of the Farm Credit Administration or the United States or any agency
or  instrumentality of the United States other than Farmer Mac. Farmer Mac is an
institution  of the  Farm  Credit  System,  but is not  liable  for any  debt or
obligation of any other institution of the Farm Credit System. Likewise, neither
the Farm Credit System nor any other  individual  institution of the Farm Credit
System  is  liable  for any debt or  obligation  of  Farmer  Mac.  Income to the
purchaser of a Farmer Mac discount note or medium-term note has no tax exemption
under federal law from federal, state or local taxation.

     Effective June 6, 2002,  Farmer Mac's board of directors had authorized the
issuance of up to $5.0 billion of discount notes and medium-term notes,  subject
to  periodic  review of the  adequacy  of that level  relative  to Farmer  Mac's
borrowing  requirements.  Farmer  Mac  invests in loans,  Farmer Mac  Guaranteed
Securities  and  non-program  investment  assets  in  accordance  with  policies
established  by  its  board  of  directors.   The  current  policies   authorize
non-program investments in:

     o    U.S. Treasury obligations;
     o    agency and instrumentality obligations;
     o    repurchase agreements;
     o    commercial paper;
     o    guaranteed investment contracts;
     o    certificates of deposit;
     o    federal funds and bankers acceptances;
     o    certain  securities  and debt  obligations  of corporate and municipal
          issuers;
     o    asset-backed securities;
     o    corporate money market funds; and
     o    preferred stock of government-sponsored enterprises.

For  more   information   about  Farmer  Mac's   outstanding   investments   and
indebtedness, see Note 4 and Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.

      Equity Issuance

     The Act  authorizes  Farmer Mac to issue voting  common  stock,  non-voting
common  stock and  non-voting  preferred  stock.  Only  banks,  other  financial
entities,  insurance  companies  and  institutions  of the  Farm  Credit  System
eligible  to  participate  in one or more of the  Farmer Mac  programs  may hold
voting  common  stock.  No holder of Class A voting common stock may directly or
indirectly  be a  beneficial  owner of more than 33 percent  of the  outstanding
shares  of Class A voting  common  stock.  There are no  ownership  restrictions
applicable to Class C non-voting common stock or preferred stock.

     On May 6,  2002 the  Corporation  issued  700,000  shares  of 6.40  percent
Cumulative  Preferred  Stock,  Series  A,  which  has  a  redemption  price  and
liquidation  preference of $50.00 per share,  plus accrued and unpaid dividends.
The preferred  stock does not have a maturity date.  Beginning on June 30, 2012,
Farmer Mac has the option to redeem the preferred stock at any time, in whole or
in part, at the  redemption  price of $50.00 per share,  plus accrued and unpaid
dividends  through and including the  redemption  date. The costs of issuing the
preferred  stock were charged to  additional  paid-in  capital.  Farmer Mac pays
cumulative  dividends on the preferred stock  quarterly in arrears,  when and if
declared by the board of directors.  The following  table presents the dividends
that have been declared:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



         Date             Per            For                For
       Dividend          Share          Period             Period               Date
       Declared          Amount        Beginning           Ending               Paid
   -----------------    --------    ---------------    ----------------    ---------------
  <S>                  <C>        <C>               <C>                  <C>
     June 6, 2002       $ 0.48       May 6, 2002       June 30, 2002         July 1, 2002
    August 1, 2002        0.80      July 1, 2002     September 30, 2002   September 30, 2002
   December 5, 2002       0.80     October 1, 2002   December 31, 2002     December 31, 2002
   February 6, 2003       0.80     January 1, 2003     March 31, 2003           *

   *  The dividend declared on February 6, 2003 is scheduled to be paid on March 31, 2003.

</TABLE>



     The Class C  non-voting  common  stock and the  preferred  stock are freely
transferable.  Upon  liquidation,  dissolution  or winding up of the business of
Farmer Mac, after payment and provision for payment of  outstanding  debt of the
Corporation,  the holders of preferred stock would be paid in full at par value,
plus all  accrued  dividends,  before  the  holders  of shares  of common  stock
received  any  payment.  To date,  Farmer Mac has not paid any  dividends on its
common  stock,  nor does it  expect  to pay such  dividends  in the  foreseeable
future.  Farmer Mac's ability to declare and pay common stock dividends could be
restricted  if  it  were  to  fail  to  comply  with  its   regulatory   capital
requirements.   See  Note  9  to  the  consolidated   financial  statements  and
"Government Regulation of Farmer Mac--Regulation--Capital Standards--Enforcement
levels."

     As of December 31, 2002,  1,030,780 shares of Class A common stock, 500,301
shares of Class B common  stock  and  10,106,903  shares  of Class C  non-voting
common stock were  outstanding.  Farmer Mac may obtain  additional  capital from
future issuances of voting and non-voting common stock and non-voting  preferred
stock.  Farmer Mac has no present  intention to issue any  additional  shares of
common  stock,  except  pursuant  to  programs  in which  employees,  members of
management  or the board of  directors  may be granted or may  purchase  Class C
non-voting  common  stock,  or exercise  options to purchase  Class C non-voting
common stock granted as part of their compensation arrangements.


           FARMER MAC'S AUTHORITY TO BORROW FROM THE U.S. TREASURY

     Farmer Mac may, in extreme  circumstances,  issue  obligations  to the U.S.
Treasury in a cumulative amount not to exceed $1.5 billion. The proceeds of such
obligations  may be used  solely for the  purpose  of  fulfilling  Farmer  Mac's
guarantee commitments under the Farmer Mac I and Farmer Mac II programs. The Act
provides  that the U.S.  Treasury is required to purchase  such  obligations  of
Farmer Mac if Farmer Mac certifies that:

     o    a portion of the  guarantee  fees  assessed by Farmer Mac has been set
          aside  as a  reserve  against  losses  arising  out  of  Farmer  Mac's
          guarantee  activities in an amount determined by Farmer Mac's board of
          directors to be necessary and such reserve has been exhausted; and
     o    the proceeds of such  obligations  are needed to fulfill  Farmer Mac's
          guarantee obligations.

Such obligations would bear interest at a rate determined by the U.S.  Treasury,
taking into consideration the average rate on outstanding marketable obligations
of the United States as of the last day of the last calendar month ending before
the date of the  purchase  of the  obligations  from  Farmer  Mac,  and would be
required to be repaid to the U.S. Treasury within a "reasonable time."

     The United States government does not guarantee  payments due on Farmer Mac
Guaranteed Securities, funds invested in the equity or debt securities of Farmer
Mac, any dividend payments on shares of Farmer Mac stock or the profitability of
Farmer Mac.


                       GOVERNMENT REGULATION OF FARMER MAC

General

     Public  offerings of Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  must be registered
with the SEC under the federal  securities laws.  Farmer Mac also is required to
file reports with the SEC pursuant to the SEC's periodic reporting requirements.

Regulation

      Office of Secondary Market Oversight

     As an institution  of the Farm Credit System,  Farmer Mac is subject to the
regulatory  authority of FCA. FCA, acting through its Office of Secondary Market
Oversight,  has general  regulatory and  enforcement  authority over Farmer Mac,
including  the  authority to  promulgate  rules and  regulations  governing  the
activities of Farmer Mac and to apply its general  enforcement  powers to Farmer
Mac  and  its  activities.  The  Director  of the  Office  of  Secondary  Market
Oversight,  who was selected by and reports to the FCA board, is responsible for
the examination of Farmer Mac and the general  supervision of the safe and sound
performance  by Farmer Mac of the powers and duties vested in it by the Act. The
Act requires an annual  examination of the financial  transactions of Farmer Mac
and  authorizes  FCA to  assess  Farmer  Mac  for  the  cost  of its  regulatory
activities,  including  the cost of any  examination.  Farmer Mac is required to
file quarterly reports of condition with FCA, as well as copies of all documents
filed with the SEC under the federal securities laws.

      Department of the Treasury

     In  connection  with the passage of the 1996 Act, the Chairmen of the House
and Senate  Agriculture  Committees  requested FCA, in a cooperative effort with
the  Department  of the  Treasury,  to "monitor  and review the  operations  and
financial  condition  of Farmer Mac and to report in writing to the  appropriate
subcommittees of the House Agriculture  Committee,  the House Financial Services
Committee  and the Senate  Agriculture,  Nutrition  and  Forestry  Committee  at
six-month   intervals  during  the  capital  deferral  period  and  beyond,   if
necessary."  Although the "capital  deferral  period" expired on January 1, 1999
and the  risk-based  capital rule went into effect on May 23,  2002,  it appears
that the FCA reports are ongoing.

      Comptroller General/General Accounting Office

     The Act permits the  Comptroller  General of the United States to perform a
review of the actuarial  soundness  and  reasonableness  of the  guarantee  fees
established by Farmer Mac.

      Capital Standards

     General.  The Act, as amended by the 1996 Act,  establishes  three  capital
standards for Farmer Mac:

     o    Minimum  capital - Farmer Mac's minimum  capital level is an amount of
          core  capital  equal  to the  sum of  2.75  percent  of  Farmer  Mac's
          aggregate  on-balance  sheet  assets,  as  calculated  for  regulatory
          purposes,  plus  0.75  percent  of  the  aggregate  off-balance  sheet
          obligations of Farmer Mac, specifically including:

          o    the unpaid principal balance of outstanding Farmer Mac Guaranteed
               Securities;
          o    instruments   issued  or   guaranteed  by  Farmer  Mac  that  are
               substantially  equivalent  to Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities,
               including LTSPCs; and
          o    other off-balance sheet obligations of Farmer Mac.

     o    Critical capital - Farmer Mac's critical capital level is an amount of
          core  capital  equal  to 50  percent  of  the  total  minimum  capital
          requirement at that time.
     o    Risk-based  capital - The Act  directs FCA to  establish a  risk-based
          capital  stress  test for  Farmer  Mac,  using  specified  stress-test
          parameters.  While  the Act does not  specify  the  required  level of
          risk-based  capital,  that level is permitted to exceed the  statutory
          minimum capital requirement  applicable to Farmer Mac, if so indicated
          by the risk-based capital stress test.

Farmer  Mac is  required  to  comply  with the  higher  of the  minimum  capital
requirement or the risk-based capital requirement.

     FCA issued its final risk-based  capital regulation for Farmer Mac on April
12,  2001  and the  Corporation  was  required  to meet the  risk-based  capital
standards  beginning  on May  23,  2002.  The  risk-based  capital  stress  test
promulgated  by FCA is intended to determine  the amount of  regulatory  capital
(core capital plus  allowance for losses) that Farmer Mac would need to maintain
positive capital during a ten-year period in which:

     o    annual  losses  occur at a rate of default  and  severity  "reasonably
          related" to the rates of the highest sequential two-years in a limited
          U.S. geographic area; and
     o    there is an  initial  interest  rate  shock at the lesser of 600 basis
          points or 50 percent of the ten-year U.S.  Treasury rate, and interest
          rates remain at such level for the remainder of the period.

The  risk-based  capital  stress test then adds an  additional 30 percent to the
resulting capital requirement for management and operational risk.

     As of  December  31,  2002,  Farmer  Mac's  minimum  and  critical  capital
requirements were $137.1 million and $68.6 million, respectively, and its actual
core capital level was $184.0  million,  $46.9 million above the minimum capital
requirement and $115.4 million above the critical capital requirement.  Based on
the risk-based capital stress test, Farmer Mac's risk-based capital  requirement
as of December 31, 2002 was $73.4 million and Farmer Mac's regulatory capital of
$204.0  million  exceeded  that  amount by  approximately  $130.6  million.  See
"Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operations--Liquidity  and  Capital   Resources--Capital   Requirements"  for  a
presentation of Farmer Mac's current regulatory capital position.

     Enforcement  levels.  The Act directs FCA to classify Farmer Mac within one
of four enforcement  levels for purposes of determining  compliance with capital
standards.  As of December 31, 2002,  Farmer Mac was  classified as within level
I--the highest compliance level.

     Failure to comply with the  applicable  required  capital  level in the Act
would  result  in Farmer  Mac being  classified  as within  level II (below  the
applicable  risk-based capital level but above the minimum capital level), level
III (below the minimum but above the critical  capital level) or level IV (below
the critical  capital  level).  In the event that Farmer Mac were  classified as
within  level II,  III or IV, the Act  requires  the  Director  of the Office of
Secondary  Market Oversight to take a number of mandatory  supervisory  measures
and provides the Director with discretionary  authority to take various optional
supervisory  measures  depending on the level in which Farmer Mac is classified.
The mandatory measures applicable to level II include:

     o    requiring  Farmer Mac to submit and comply with a capital  restoration
          plan;
     o    prohibiting  the payment of dividends if such payment  would result in
          Farmer Mac being reclassified as within level III or IV, and requiring
          the  pre-approval  of any dividend  payment even if such payment would
          not result in reclassification as within level IV; and
     o    reclassifying  Farmer Mac as within  level III if it does not submit a
          capital  restoration  plan that is  approved  by the  Director  or the
          Director determines that Farmer Mac has failed to make, in good faith,
          reasonable efforts to comply with such a plan and fulfill the schedule
          for the plan approved by the Director.

The mandatory measures applicable to level III include:

     o    requiring Farmer Mac to submit (and comply with) a capital restoration
          plan;
     o    prohibiting  the payment of dividends if such payment  would result in
          Farmer Mac being  reclassified  as within level IV and  requiring  the
          pre-approval  of any dividend  payment even if such payment  would not
          result in reclassification as within level IV; and
     o    reclassifying Farmer Mac as within a lower level if it does not submit
          a capital  restoration  plan that is approved  by the  Director or the
          Director determines that Farmer Mac has failed to make, in good faith,
          reasonable efforts to comply with such a plan and fulfill the schedule
          for the plan approved by the Director.

      If Farmer Mac were classified as within level III, then, in addition to
the foregoing mandatory supervisory measures, the Director of the Office of
Secondary Market Oversight could take any of the following discretionary
supervisory measures:

     o    imposing  limits on any increase in, or ordering the reduction of, any
          obligations of Farmer Mac, including off-balance sheet obligations;
     o    limiting or  prohibiting  asset growth or requiring  the  reduction of
          assets;
     o    requiring the  acquisition  of new capital in an amount  sufficient to
          provide for reclassification as within a higher level;
     o    terminating,   reducing  or   modifying   any  activity  the  Director
          determines creates excessive risk to Farmer Mac; or
     o    appointing a conservator or a receiver for Farmer Mac.

The  Act  does  not  specify  any  supervisory  measures,  either  mandatory  or
discretionary,  to be  taken  by the  Director  in the  event  Farmer  Mac  were
classified as within level IV.

      The Director of the Office of Secondary Market Oversight has the
discretionary authority to reclassify Farmer Mac to a level that is one level
below its then current level (for example, from level I to level II) if the
Director determines that Farmer Mac is engaging in any action not approved by
the Director that could result in a rapid depletion of core capital or if the
value of property subject to mortgages backing Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities
has decreased significantly.

Item 2.   Properties

     On June 28,  2001,  Farmer  Mac  entered  into a  long-term  lease  for its
principal offices,  which are located at 1133 Twenty-First  Street,  N.W., Suite
600, Washington,  D.C. 20036. The lease, which expires November 30, 2011, covers
approximately  13,500  square feet of office  space.  Farmer  Mac's  offices are
suitable  and adequate  for its   needs.

Item 3.   Legal Proceedings

     Not applicable.

Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

     Not applicable.

                                     PART II

Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters


     Farmer  Mac has three  classes of common  stock  outstanding.  Only  banks,
insurance  companies and other financial  institutions or similar  entities that
are not  institutions  of the Farm Credit  System may hold Class A voting common
stock.  Only  institutions  of the Farm  Credit  System  may hold Class B voting
common  stock.  There are no  ownership  restrictions  on the Class C non-voting
common stock.

     The Class A and Class C common stocks trade on the New York Stock  Exchange
under the symbols AGMA and AGM,  respectively.  The Class B voting common stock,
which has a limited market and trades  infrequently,  is not listed or quoted on
any  exchange  or other  medium,  and  Farmer  Mac is  unaware  of any  publicly
available quotations or prices for that class.

     The information  below  represents the high and low closing sale prices for
the Class A and Class C common  stocks for the periods  indicated as reported by
the New York Stock Exchange.

 <TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                 Sales Price
                                             ---------------------------------------------------
                                                  Class A Stock             Class C Stock
                                             ------------------------- -------------------------
                                                High          Low         High          Low
                                             ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
                                                              (dollars per share)
<S>                                          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
 2003
    First quarter (through March 14, 2003)    $ 22.65      $ 15.50      $ 34.50      $ 20.25

 2002
    Fourth quarter                              26.00        19.90        33.37        25.06
    Third quarter                               24.30        20.30        30.47        20.80
    Second quarter                              35.00        22.00        47.20        25.60
    First quarter                               34.55        28.60        47.80        38.95

 2001
    Fourth quarter                              33.60        27.80        46.33        31.78
    Third quarter                               28.40        26.60        35.23        29.58
    Second quarter                              28.55        21.60        32.25        23.75
    First quarter                               23.25        19.00        27.94        22.50
</TABLE>

     As of March 14, 2003,  it was  estimated  that there were 1,432  registered
owners of the Class A voting common stock, 103 registered  owners of the Class B
voting common stock and 1,390 registered owners of the Class C non-voting common
stock outstanding.

     To date,  Farmer Mac has not paid any  dividends on its common  stock,  nor
does it expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future.  Farmer Mac's ability
to declare and pay  dividends  could be  restricted if it were to fail to comply
with regulatory capital requirements.

     Information  about  securities  authorized  for issuance under Farmer Mac's
equity  compensation plans appears under "Equity  Compensation  Plans" in Farmer
Mac's Proxy  Statement to be filed on or about April 18,  2003.  That portion of
the Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference into this report.


<PAGE>



Item 6.   Selected Financial Data

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                     As of December 31,
                                            ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Summary of Financial Condition:                2002            2001           2000          1999         1998
                                            -------------  --------------  ------------ ------------- ------------
                                                                   (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                         <C>             <C>           <C>           <C>         <C>
 Cash and cash equivalents                   $ 723,800       $ 437,831      $537,871      $336,282     $540,626
 Investment securities                         830,409       1,007,954       836,757       847,220      643,562
 Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities            1,608,507       1,690,376     1,679,993     1,306,223      552,205
 Loans, net                                    963,461         198,003        30,279        38,509      168,064
 Total assets                                4,222,915       3,415,856     3,160,899     2,590,410    1,935,971

 Notes payable
  Due within one year                        2,895,746       2,233,267     2,141,548     1,722,061    1,473,688
  Due after one year                           985,318         968,463       827,635       750,337      366,122

 Total liabilities                           4,039,344       3,281,419     3,028,238     2,503,267    1,855,057
 Stockholders' equity                          183,571         134,437       132,661        87,143       80,914

 Selected Financial Ratios:
  Return on average assets                       0.60%           0.50%         0.36%         0.31%        0.35%
  Return on average common equity               15.04%          12.19%         9.50%         8.24%        7.36%
  Average equity to assets                       4.16%           4.06%         3.82%         3.71%        4.75%

                                                            For the Year Ended December 31,
                                            ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Summary of Operations:                         2002            2001           2000          1999         1998
                                            -------------  --------------  ------------ ------------- ------------
                                                       (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)
 Net interest income after provision
  for loan losses                             $ 33,686        $ 26,339      $ 17,398      $ 14,838     $ 10,569
 Losses on financial derivatives
  and trading assets                            (4,359)           (726)            -             -            -
 Guarantee and commitment fees                  19,277          15,807        11,677         7,396        3,727
 Gain on sale of Farmer Mac
  Guaranteed Securities                              -               -             -             -        1,400
 Miscellaneous                                   1,332             560           399           220          142
                                            -------------  --------------  ------------ ------------- ------------
  Total revenues                                49,936          41,980        29,474        22,454       15,838
 Total operating expenses                       18,744          16,555        13,288        11,863        9,323
                                            -------------  --------------  ------------ ------------- ------------
  Income before income taxes,
  cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principles and
  extraordinary gain                            31,192          25,425        16,186        10,591        6,515
 Income tax expense                              9,330           8,419         5,749         3,670          772
 Cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principles, net of taxes                -            (726)            -             -            -
 Extraordinary gain, net of taxes                  889               -             -             -            -
                                            -------------  --------------  ------------ ------------- ------------
 Net income                                     22,751          16,280        10,437         6,921        5,743
  Preferred stock dividends                     (1,456)              -             -             -            -
                                            -------------  --------------  ------------ ------------- ------------
 Net income available to common
  stockholders                                $ 21,295        $ 16,280      $ 10,437       $ 6,921      $ 5,743
                                            -------------  --------------  ------------ ------------- ------------
 Earnings Per Share:

  Basic earnings per share                      $ 1.83          $ 1.44        $ 0.94        $ 0.64       $ 0.53
  Diluted earnings per share                    $ 1.77          $ 1.38        $ 0.92        $ 0.62       $ 0.52

 Earnings per share before cumulative
 effect of change in accounting principles
 and extraordinary gain
  Basic earnings per share                      $ 1.76          $ 1.50        $ 0.94        $ 0.64       $ 0.53
  Diluted earnings per share                    $ 1.69          $ 1.45        $ 0.92        $ 0.62       $ 0.52
</TABLE>


<PAGE>

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
         Results of Operations

     Financial  information  as of and for each of the years ended  December 31,
2002,  2001 and 2000 is  consolidated  to include the accounts of Farmer Mac and
its wholly-owned  subsidiary,  Farmer Mac Mortgage Securities  Corporation.  The
following  discussion  should be read  together  with Farmer Mac's  consolidated
financial statements and is not necessarily indicative of future results.

Forward-Looking Statements

     Certain statements made in this Form 10-K are "forward-looking  statements"
within  the  meaning of the  Private  Securities  Litigation  Reform Act of 1995
pertaining  to  management's  current  expectations  as to Farmer  Mac's  future
financial results, business prospects and business developments. Forward-looking
statements  include,  without  limitation,   any  statement  that  may  predict,
forecast,  indicate or imply future results,  performance or  achievements,  and
typically are accompanied by, and identified with, such terms as  "anticipates,"
"believes,"  "expects,"  "intends," "should" and similar phrases.  The following
management's  discussion  and  analysis  includes   forward-looking   statements
addressing  Farmer Mac's:

     o    prospects for earnings;
     o    growth in loan purchase, guarantee, securitization and LTSPC volume;
     o    trends in net interest income;
     o    trends in provisions for losses;
     o    changes in capital position; and
     o    other business and financial matters.

Management's  expectations for Farmer Mac's future necessarily  involve a number
of  assumptions  and  estimates and the  evaluation of risks and  uncertainties.
Various  factors  could cause Farmer  Mac's  actual  results or events to differ
materially from the expectations as expressed or implied by the  forward-looking
statements, including uncertainties regarding:

     o    the rate and  direction of  development  of the  secondary  market for
          agricultural mortgage loans;
     o    the possible  establishment  of  additional  statutory  or  regulatory
          restrictions on Farmer Mac;
     o    substantial  changes in  interest  rates,  agricultural  land  values,
          commodity prices, export demand for U.S. agricultural products and the
          general economy;
     o    protracted  adverse  weather,  market  or other  conditions  affecting
          particular  geographic  regions or particular  commodities  related to
          agricultural   mortgage   loans   backing   Farmer  Mac  I  Guaranteed
          Securities;
     o    legislative or regulatory  developments or  interpretations  of Farmer
          Mac's statutory  charter that could adversely affect Farmer Mac or the
          ability of certain lenders to participate in its programs or the terms
          of any such participation;
     o    Farmer Mac's access to the debt markets at favorable  rates and terms;
     o    the  possible  effect of the  risk-based  capital  requirement,  which
          could,  under  certain  circumstances,  be in excess of the  statutory
          minimum capital level;
     o    the  outcome of the  pending  analysis  of Farmer  Mac by the  General
          Accounting Office;
     o    the growth rate of agricultural mortgage indebtedness;
     o    the size of the agricultural mortgage market;
     o    borrower    preferences   for   fixed-rate    agricultural    mortgage
          indebtedness;
     o    lender  interest  in Farmer  Mac  credit  products  and the Farmer Mac
          secondary market;
     o    the willingness of investors to invest in agricultural mortgage-backed
          securities;
     o    competitive  pressures in the purchase of agricultural  mortgage loans
          and the sale of agricultural mortgage-backed and debt securities;
     o    the effects on the  agricultural  economy of the  government  payments
          that are  provided  for in the Farm Bill signed into law May 13, 2002;
          or
     o    changes in Farmer Mac's status as a government-sponsored enterprise.

The  foregoing  factors are not  exhaustive.  Other  sections of this report may
include additional factors that could adversely impact Farmer Mac's business and
its financial  performance.  Furthermore,  new risk factors  emerge from time to
time and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors, nor
assess the  effects of such  factors on Farmer  Mac's  business or the extent to
which any factor, or combination of factors,  may cause actual results to differ
materially  from the  expectations  expressed or implied by the  forward-looking
statements.  In light of  these  potential  risks  and  uncertainties,  no undue
reliance should be placed on any  forward-looking  statements  expressed in this
report. Furthermore, Farmer Mac undertakes no obligation to release publicly the
results  of  revisions  to any  forward-looking  statements  that may be made to
reflect any future events or circumstances,  except as otherwise mandated by the
SEC.

Critical Accounting Policy and Estimates

     The preparation of the consolidated  financial  statements requires the use
of  estimates  and  assumptions   that  affect  the  amounts   reported  in  the
consolidated  financial  statements and related notes for the periods presented,
and actual results could differ from those  estimates.  The critical  accounting
policy  that is both  important  to the  portrayal  of  Farmer  Mac's  financial
condition and results of operations and requires complex,  subjective  judgments
is the accounting  policy for allowance for losses,  referred to in Farmer Mac's
prior  reports as reserve for losses.  The  allowance for losses is presented in
three components on the consolidated balance sheet:

     o    an "Allowance for loan losses" on loans held for investment;
     o    a valuation  allowance on real estate owned,  which is included in the
          balance sheet under "Real estate owned (net of valuation  allowance)";
          and
     o    an allowance for losses on loans underlying post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I
          Guaranteed  Securities  and  LTSPCs,  which is included in the balance
          sheet under "Reserve for losses."

     The purpose of the allowance for losses is to provide for estimated  losses
that are  probable to have  occurred as of the  balance  sheet date,  and not to
predict or  account  for  future  potential  losses.  The  determination  of the
allowance for losses requires management to make significant  estimates based on
information  available as of the balance  sheet date,  including the amounts and
timing of losses and current market and economic conditions. These estimates are
subject to change in future reporting periods if such conditions and information
change.  For  example,  a  continued  decline in the  national  or  agricultural
economies could result in an increase in delinquencies  or  foreclosures,  which
may require additional allowances for losses in future periods.

     Farmer Mac  maintains an allowance for losses to cover  estimated  probable
losses on its loans held for investment,  real estate owned and loans underlying
post-1996  Act Farmer Mac I  Guaranteed  Securities  and LTSPCs.  In  estimating
probable  losses,  management  considers  factors  such as economic  conditions,
geographic and agricultural commodity concentrations,  the credit profile of the
portfolio,  delinquency  trends and historical  charge-off and recovery activity
and evaluates the results of its proprietary  loan pool simulation and guarantee
fee model.  The  allowance is increased  through  periodic  provisions  for loan
losses that are charged  against net interest  income and  provisions for losses
that are charged to  operating  expense and  reduced by  charge-offs  for actual
losses, net of recoveries.

     No  allowance  for losses has been made for loans  underlying  Farmer Mac I
Guaranteed  Securities  issued prior to the 1996 Act or Farmer Mac II Guaranteed
Securities.  Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities issued prior to the 1996 Act are
supported by unguaranteed first loss subordinated interests,  which are expected
to exceed the estimated credit losses on those loans.  USDA-guaranteed  portions
collateralizing  Farmer Mac II Guaranteed  Securities are obligations  backed by
the full  faith  and  credit  of the  United  States.  To date,  Farmer  Mac has
experienced no losses on any pre-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities or
on any Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities and does not expect to incur any such
losses in the future.

     Further  information  regarding  the  allowance  for losses is  included in
"--Risk Management--Credit Risk - Loans."

Results of Operations

     Overview.  2002 was  another  year of solid  growth  and  strong  financial
performance for Farmer Mac. Net income available to common  stockholders rose to
$21.3 million in 2002 from $16.3 million in 2001,  marking the sixth consecutive
year during which Farmer Mac achieved  significant  increases in  profitability.
Diluted  earnings per share were $1.77 for 2002, a 28.3  percent  increase  over
2001 diluted earnings per share of $1.38.

     The  principal  factors  contributing  to the year's  record  earnings were
increases  in net interest  income on retained  cash window loan  purchases  and
non-program  investments  and  guarantee  and  commitment  fees  on  the  higher
cumulative  amount of guarantees  and LTSPCs  outstanding.  Net interest  income
increased $8.1 million to $35.0 million in 2002,  from $26.9 million in 2001, as
interest-earning  assets  increased  by $792.0  million to $4.1 billion in 2002,
from $3.3 billion in 2001.  Guarantee and  commitment fee income grew 22 percent
to $19.3 million in 2002 from $15.8 million in 2001, as  outstanding  guarantees
and LTSPCs increased $1.3 billion,  or 32 percent,  to $5.5 billion.  The year's
increase  in  guarantee  and   commitment   fee  income  is  indicative  of  the
annuity-like nature of that income.

     The increase in outstanding guarantee and LTSPC volume and asset growth was
achieved while maintaining a relatively  consistent ratio of operating  expenses
to total  revenues,  and  despite  the adverse  effects of  increased  legal and
consulting fees attributable to the effects of certain inaccurate and misleading
publicity about Farmer Mac. During 2002,  operating  expenses were 38 percent of
total revenues,  compared to 39 percent in 2001. The effects of gains and losses
on financial  derivatives  and trading  assets  increased the ratio of operating
expenses to total revenues for 2002 to 38 percent from 35 percent. The effect of
gains and losses on  financial  derivatives  and trading  assets on the ratio of
operating expenses to revenues was less than one percent for 2001.

     In 1996,  Farmer Mac's statutory charter was amended to allow Farmer Mac to
act as a first-loss guarantor. As of December 31, 2002, the percentage of Farmer
Mac I loans  purchased or placed under  Farmer Mac I  Guaranteed  Securities  or
LTSPCs after changes to Farmer Mac's statutory charter in 1996 that were 90 days
or more past due, in foreclosure,  restructured after delinquency, in bankruptcy
or classified as real estate owned, decreased to 1.56 percent,  compared to 1.70
percent at the end of 2001.

     As Farmer  Mac's  portfolio of loans held and loans  underlying  LTSPCs and
post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities has had certain cohort years of
loan  originations  enter,  and now start  exiting,  their peak  default  years,
certain segments of the portfolio are beginning to exhibit  characteristics of a
mature portfolio. For example, during 2001 and 2002, the portfolio had its first
loans cycle through  foreclosure  and into the asset category real estate owned,
which completes the involuntary  loan  liquidation  process.  As of December 31,
2002,  Farmer Mac had $5.0 million of real estate owned compared to $2.5 million
as of December 31, 2001. During the foreclosure process, the Corporation devises
a liquidation  strategy that results in either an immediate sale of the property
or  retention   pending  later  sale.  Farmer  Mac  evaluates  these  and  other
alternatives  based  upon  economics  and  local  law.  The  portfolio  also has
developed a core of loans that,  though the  borrowers on those loans have filed
for  bankruptcy  protection,  are current under the original terms of the loans.
These trends are indicative of a maturing portfolio and management believes that
presenting  non-performing  assets  as it has in the  past is a more  meaningful
measure of  business  trends when  presented  in  conjunction  with a measure of
90-day delinquencies.  Non-performing assets are loans 90 days or more past due,
in foreclosure,  restructured after delinquency,  in bankruptcy,  or real estate
owned. 90-day  delinquencies are loans 90 days or more past due, in foreclosure,
restructured  after  delinquency,  or in bankruptcy,  excluding loans performing
under either their original loan terms or a court-approved  bankruptcy plan. The
difference between the non-performing asset and 90-day delinquencies measures is
the  exclusion  of real estate owned and loans  performing  in  bankruptcy  from
90-day delinquencies.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                As of December 31,
                                            ---------------------------
                                                2002          2001
                                            -------------  ------------
                                                 (in thousands)
<S>                                           <C>          <C>
 90-day delinquencies (including loans in      $58,214      $ 54,536
     foreclosure and loans restructured
     after delinquency)
 Loans performing in bankruptcy                 11,471         1,286
 Real estate owned                               5,623         2,457
                                           -------------  ------------
     Non-performing assets                     $75,308      $ 58,279
                                           -------------  ------------
</TABLE>

      The table below presents non-performing assets and 90-day delinquency data
as of the dates indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                              Outstanding
                             Post-1996 Act                                           Less:
                                Loans,               Non-                           REO and
                            Guarantees and        Performing                      Performing          90-day
                                LTSPCs              Assets         Percentage    Bankruptcies     Delinquencies       Percentage
                           ------------------  -----------------  ------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
                                                                    (dollars in thousands)
<S>                        <C>                  <C>                  <C>           <C>               <C>              <C>
 As of:
   December 31, 2002        $ 4,821,634          $ 75,308             1.56%         $ 17,094          $ 58,214         1.21%
   September 30, 2002         4,506,330            91,286             2.03%           11,460            79,826         1.77%
   June 30, 2002              4,489,735            65,196             1.45%           14,931            50,265         1.12%
   March 31, 2002             3,754,171            87,097             2.32%            7,903            79,194         2.11%
   December 31, 2001          3,428,176            58,279             1.70%            3,743            54,536         1.59%
   September 30, 2001         3,318,796            71,686             2.16%            5,183            66,503         2.00%
   June 30, 2001              3,089,460            53,139             1.72%            4,274            48,865         1.58%
   March 31, 2001             2,562,374            67,134             2.62%            2,154            64,980         2.54%
</TABLE>


     Farmer Mac  experienced  $4.1  million in net losses  charged  against  the
allowance for losses in 2002, compared with $2.2 million in net losses for 2001.
Through  direct  charges to  earnings,  Farmer Mac  provided for $8.2 million in
total losses during 2002 compared to $6.7 million during 2001. Comparing 2002 to
2001,  this  increase in Farmer Mac's  provision for losses is comparable to the
increase  in the losses  charged  against  the  allowance.  Farmer  Mac's  total
allowance  for losses as of  December  31, 2002 was $20.0  million,  compared to
$15.9 million as of December 31, 2001.

     In 2003, the dollar level of 90-day  delinquencies  could increase slightly
and higher  charge-offs  could follow.  These trends correlate to the entry of a
growing  percentage of Farmer Mac's  portfolio  into its peak loss years,  price
pressures on certain  commodities  not supported by government  payments  (e.g.,
permanent  plantings),  drought in the mountain  region of the United States and
the aftermath of a weak agricultural economy in 2002.

     2003 Outlook.  USDA is currently  forecasting  net cash income on farms for
2003 to be $51.3  billion,  up 11 percent from 2002  forecasted  levels of $46.3
billion.  The forecasted  net cash income on farms for 2003 includes  government
payments of $17.6 billion as compared to the $13.1 billion in 2002 and increases
in total crop and  livestock  receipts.  Farm real estate values are expected to
rise by approximately 1.5 percent in 2003, slowing slightly from their growth of
4 percent in 2002,  5.2 percent in 2001,  and 6.8  percent in 2000.  On average,
farm real  estate  values  grew  nearly 4 percent  annually  during  the  1990s.
Regionally,  farm real estate values may vary with differing  rates of increase,
or even  decrease,  depending  on  differences  in land  quality  and  location,
commodities  grown,  credit  conditions,   non-farm  investment   opportunities,
government farm policies,  and production risks and weather uncertainties unique
to each region's agriculture.

     As  management  evaluates  Farmer  Mac's  business  prospects  for 2003 and
beyond,  certain  factors and  conditions  remain  that are likely to  constrain
Farmer Mac's progress.  As a matter of historical practice,  and particularly in
the current interest rate environment,  many institutions still prefer to retain
agricultural  mortgage  loans  in  portfolio  rather  than  sell  them  into the
secondary  market,  notwithstanding  the corporate  finance and capital planning
benefits they might realize through participation in Farmer Mac's programs. Some
lending  institutions  subsidize their  agricultural  mortgage loan rates out of
higher rates on  non-mortgage  loans,  or by low-return  use of equity,  both of
which generate uneconomic competition with Farmer Mac's loan rates.

     While significant progress has been made in developing the secondary market
for  agricultural  mortgages,  Farmer Mac  continues to face the  challenges  of
establishing a new market where none  previously  existed.  Acceptance of Farmer
Mac's programs is increasing  among lenders,  reflecting the competitive  rates,
terms and products  offered and the advantages  Farmer Mac believes its programs
provide.  As of December 31, 2002, Farmer Mac's  outstanding  program volume was
$5.5  billion,  which  represented  approximately  12  percent  of  management's
estimate of a $47.5 billion market of eligible  agricultural mortgage loans. For
Farmer Mac to succeed in realizing its business  development  and  profitability
goals over the longer  term,  the use of Farmer  Mac's  programs and products by
agricultural  mortgage lenders,  whether  traditional or  non-traditional,  must
continue to expand.

     A detailed  presentation  of Farmer Mac's  financial  results for the years
ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 follows.

     Net Interest  Income.  Net interest  income  totaled $35.0 million in 2002,
compared  to $26.9  million  in 2001,  and the net  interest  yield was 93 basis
points in 2002 compared to 83 basis points in 2001.  The effects on Farmer Mac's
net interest  yield due to the Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No.
140,   Accounting   for  Transfers   and  Servicing  of  Financial   Assets  and
Extinguishments  of Liabilities ("SFAS 140") for 2002 and 2001 were increases of
seven  basis  points  and one basis  point,  respectively,  due to Farmer  Mac's
adoption  of SFAS 140 on April 1, 2001.  Under  SFAS 140,  loans  purchased  and
securitized  after  April  1,  2001,  for  which  Farmer  Mac  retained  all the
beneficial  interest in the securitized  loans,  are classified as loans and the
interest income  recognized on those loans includes amounts that would have been
classified  as  guarantee  fees prior to April 1, 2001.  Prior to April 1, 2001,
such securitizations  were classified as Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities under
Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 125,  Accounting for Transfers
and  Servicing of Financial  Assets and  Extinguishment  of  Liabilities  ("SFAS
125").  The effects of yield  maintenance on Farmer Mac's net interest yield for
2002 and 2001 were  increases  of eight  basis  points and three  basis  points,
respectively.  The  increase in net  interest  income was due to a 16.6  percent
increase in the average balance of  interest-earnings  assets,  driven by a 28.9
percent  increase in average  on-balance sheet program assets that resulted from
the retention of loans purchased during 2002. Also,  yield  maintenance  payment
receipts were $3.2 million during 2002 compared to $1.1 million during 2001. For
further   information,    see   "--Business   Volume"   and   "--Balance   Sheet
Review--Assets."  During 2002, the average balance of non-program assets,  which
consists of cash and cash equivalents and investments, increased 1.5 percent.

     Net interest  income  totaled  $26.9  million in 2001 and $17.7  million in
2000.  The $9.2  million  increase  from 2000 to 2001 was due to a 14.4  percent
increase in the average  balance of  interest-earning  assets,  driven by a 25.4
percent increase in average  on-balance sheet program assets. Net interest yield
for 2000 was 63 basis points.

     The following table provides information regarding  interest-earning assets
and funding for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000. The balance of
non-accruing  loans is included in the average balance of interest earning loans
presented, though no related income is included in the income figures presented.
Therefore, as the balance of non-accruing loans increases or decreases,  the net
interest yield will increase or decrease,  accordingly.  Net interest income and
the yield will also  fluctuate due to the  uncertainty of the timing and size of
yield maintenance payments.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                             2002                             2001                              2000
                           ---------------------------------- -----------------------------------  ---------------------------------
                            Average     Income/     Average      Average     Income/    Average      Average    Income/   Average
                            Balance     Expense      Rate        Balance     Expense      Rate       Balance    Expense     Rate
                           ----------- ---------- ----------- ------------ ----------- ----------  ---------- ---------- -----------
                                                                      (dollars in thousands)
<S>                       <C>          <C>          <C>      <C>           <C>          <C>       <C>          <C>        <C>
 Interest-earning assets:
  Cash and cash
   equivalents              $ 564,614   $ 10,237     1.81%      $ 522,227   $ 21,464     4.11%      $ 510,779   $32,675    6.40%
  Investments                 902,740     30,562     3.39%        922,856     43,870     4.75%        888,765    59,230    6.66%
  Loans and Farmer Mac
   Guaranteed Securities    2,291,887    129,241     5.64%      1,778,601    115,879     6.52%      1,418,708   103,515    7.30%
                          ------------ ----------- ----------  ----------- ----------- ---------- ------------ ---------- ----------
   Total interest-earning
    assets                 $3,759,241    170,040     4.52%     $3,223,684    181,213     5.62%     $2,818,252   195,420    6.93%
                          ------------                         -----------                        ------------

 Funding:
  Discount notes           $2,533,762     67,020     2.65%     $2,175,087     95,424     4.39%     $1,945,276   125,952    6.47%
  Medium-term notes         1,102,485     67,994     6.17%        926,878     58,850     6.35%        825,433    51,770    6.27%
                          ------------ ----------- ---------- ------------ ----------- -----------  ---------- ---------- ----------
   Total interest-bearing
    liabilities             3,636,247    135,014     3.71%      3,101,965    154,274     4.97%      2,770,709   177,722    6.41%
  Net non-interest-bearing
   funding                    122,994          -     0.00%        121,719          -     0.00%         47,543         -    0.00%
                          ------------ ----------- ---------- ------------ ----------- -----------  ---------- ---------- ----------
   Total funding           $3,759,241    135,014      3.59%   $ 3,223,684    154,274    4.79%      $2,818,252   177,722    6.31%
                          ------------ ----------- ---------- ------------ ----------- -----------  ---------- ---------- ----------
 Net interest income/
  yield                                 $ 35,026      0.93%                 $ 26,939    0.83%                   $17,698    0.63%
                                        ---------- ----------              ----------- ----------             ----------------------

</TABLE>

     For 2002,  the  decreases in all of the rates  presented  above tracked the
general  decline in interest rates relative to the prior year. The average rates
for cash and cash  equivalents  and  discount  notes  reflect  that  decline  in
short-term  interest rates during 2002,  while the average rates for investments
and loans and Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities  reflect the decline in interest
rates for investments of similar term to the rate reset or maturity date.

<PAGE>


     The  following  table sets forth  information  regarding the changes in the
components of Farmer Mac's net interest  income for the periods  indicated.  For
each  category,  information is provided on changes  attributable  to changes in
volume (change in volume  multiplied by old rate) and changes in rate (change in
rate  multiplied  by old  volume).  Combined  rate/volume  variances,  the third
element of the  calculation,  are allocated  based on their  relative  size. The
decreases due to rate reflect the  short-term or  adjustable-rate  nature of the
assets or liabilities and the general decreases in market rates described above.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             2002 vs. 2001                        2001 vs. 2000
                                                 ------------------------------------- ------------------------------------
                                                      Increase (Decrease) Due to           Increase (Decrease) Due to
                                                 ------------------------------------- ------------------------------------
                                                    Rate        Volume       Total        Rate       Volume       Total
                                                 ------------ ----------- ------------ ------------ ----------  -----------
                                                                               (in thousands)
<S>                                            <C>           <C>        <C>            <C>           <C>       <C>
 Income from interest-earning assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                    $ (11,325)       $ 97    $ (11,228)     $ (11,960)     $ 749    $ (11,211)
   Investments                                    (12,371)       (937)     (13,308)       (17,737)     2,377      (15,360)
   Loans & Farmer Mac guaranteed securities        (6,382)     19,744       13,362         (8,945)    21,309       12,364
                                                 ------------ ----------- ------------ ------------ ----------  -----------
    Total                                         (30,078)     18,904      (11,174)       (38,642)    24,435      (14,207)
 Expense from interest-bearing liabilities        (31,452)     12,191      (19,261)       (47,565)    24,117      (23,448)
                                                 ------------ ----------- ------------ ------------ ----------  -----------
 Change in net interest income                    $ 1,374     $ 6,713      $ 8,087        $ 8,923      $ 318      $ 9,241
                                                 ------------ ----------- ------------ ------------ ----------  -----------
</TABLE>

     Gains and Losses on Financial Derivatives and Trading Assets.  Statement of
Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 133, Accounting for Derivative  Instruments
and Hedging  Activities  ("SFAS 133")  requires the change in the fair values of
certain  financial  derivatives  to be  reflected  in a company's  net income or
accumulated other comprehensive  income. SFAS 133 became effective as of January
1, 2001. The cumulative effect of the change in accounting principles recognized
during 2001 was a charge of $0.7  million,  net of taxes.  During 2002 and 2001,
the net losses on financial derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting
under  SFAS  133 and  trading  assets  recorded  in  Farmer  Mac's  consolidated
statements of operations were $4.4 million and $0.2 million,  respectively. On a
net after-tax basis,  those losses,  combined with the cumulative  effect of the
change in accounting  principles and benefits  received from the  elimination of
the  amortization of certain  premium  payments that resulted from SFAS 133, the
effects of SFAS 133 reduced net income available to common  stockholders by $2.5
million and $0.8 million for 2002 and 2001, respectively.

     Other Income.  Other income, which is comprised of guarantee and commitment
fee income and miscellaneous income,  totaled $20.6 million for 2002 compared to
$16.4 million for 2001 and $12.1 million for 2000.  Guarantee and commitment fee
income,  which  compensate  Farmer Mac for  assuming  the  credit  risk on loans
underlying  Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities and LTSPCs,  was $19.3 million for
2002,  compared  to $15.8  million  for 2001 and $11.7  million  for  2000.  The
relative increase in guarantee and commitment fee income reflects an increase in
the average balance of outstanding  guarantees and LTSPCs.  For 2002, the effect
of SFAS 140  reclassified  $2.7  million of  guarantee  fee  income as  interest
income,  although  management  considers  that  amount  to have  been  earned in
consideration  for the assumption of credit risk. That portion of the difference
or  "spread"  between  the cost of Farmer  Mac's debt  funding for loans and the
yield on  post-1996  Act Farmer Mac I  Guaranteed  Securities  held on its books
compensates  for credit and interest  rate risk. If a post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I
Guaranteed  Security is sold to a third party,  Farmer Mac  continues to receive
the guarantee fee component of that spread, which continues to compensate Farmer
Mac  for  its  assumption  of  credit  risk.  The  portion  of the  spread  that
compensates  for interest rate risk would not typically  continue to be received
by Farmer Mac, except to the extent  attributable to any retained  interest-only
strip, if the asset were sold.

     Miscellaneous  income was $1.3  million for 2002,  compared to $0.6 million
for 2001 and $0.4  million for 2000.  The increase in  miscellaneous  income was
primarily  a result of the  receipt of late fee income  and  processing  fees on
Farmer Mac II refinance transactions.

     For more information  regarding the increases in outstanding loans held and
loans underlying  Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities and LTSPCs,  see "--Business
Volume."

     Operating Expenses.  During 2002, operating expenses totaled $18.7 million,
compared  to $16.6  million  for 2001 and  $13.3  million  for  2000.  Operating
expenses equaled 38 percent of total revenues in 2002, compared to 39 percent in
2001 and 45 percent in 2000. The dollar  increase in operating  expenses in 2002
primarily  reflects  higher legal,  consulting and regulatory fees that resulted
from certain  inaccurate and  misleading  publicity  Farmer Mac received  during
2002.  While the effects of that publicity  have  dissipated  somewhat,  ongoing
events  associated  with that  publicity  could cause Farmer Mac to incur higher
than  expected  legal and  consulting  fees in 2003.  During third quarter 2002,
Farmer Mac incurred  unexpected  regulatory costs of approximately  $0.3 million
above FCA's  assessment  for the year ended  September 30, 2002. FCA has advised
Farmer Mac that its regulatory  assessment for the year ended September 30, 2003
will be an estimated  $1.4 million,  an increase from the estimated $0.7 million
for the year ended September 30, 2002.

     Farmer  Mac's  provision  for  losses  on  loans  underlying  Farmer  Mac I
Guaranteed  Securities  and  LTSPCs,  which  is  classified  as a  component  of
operating  expenses,  was $6.9 million for 2002,  $6.1 million for 2001 and $4.4
million in 2000.  The  increases  in the  provisions  were due to  increases  in
outstanding  Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities and LTSPCs for which Farmer Mac
assumes 100 percent of the credit risk.  As of December  31, 2002,  Farmer Mac's
allowance for losses for loans underlying Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities and
LTSPCs was $16.8  million,  compared to $14.5  million as of December  31, 2001.
Farmer Mac also  provides for losses on the loans on its balance  sheet  through
provisions  that are charged  against net  interest  income on the  statement of
operations  and presented as a reduction to the reported loan balances on Farmer
Mac's balance sheet. For further  discussion and  presentation  regarding Farmer
Mac's  provisions for losses and  allowances  for losses in the  aggregate,  see
"--Risk Management--Credit Risk - Loans"

     Income  Tax  Expense.  Income tax  expense  totaled  $9.3  million in 2002,
compared  to $8.4  million  in 2001  and $5.7  million  in  2000.  Farmer  Mac's
effective  tax rate for 2002 was  approximately  29.9  percent,  reflecting  the
effects of certain  tax-advantaged  investments,  compared to approximately 33.1
percent for 2001 and 35.5 percent for 2000. Farmer Mac expects its effective tax
rate in 2003 to approximate 31 percent. For more information about income taxes,
see Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.

     Extraordinary  Gain. During first quarter 2002, Farmer Mac recognized a net
after-tax  extraordinary  gain of $1.6 million  resulting from the repurchase of
$43.8 million of outstanding Farmer Mac debt. During second quarter 2002, Farmer
Mac recognized a net after-tax extraordinary gain of $0.6 million resulting from
the  repurchase of $18.9 million of outstanding  Farmer Mac debt.  During fourth
quarter 2002, Farmer Mac recognized a net after-tax  extraordinary  loss of $1.3
million resulting from the repurchase of $41.0 million of outstanding Farmer Mac
debt. All of these repurchases were from outstanding  Farmer Mac debt that had a
maturity  date of October 14, 2011 and an interest  rate of 5.4  percent.  These
debt securities  were replaced with new fixed-rate  funding to the same maturity
dates  at  more  attractive   interest  rates,   which  preserves  Farmer  Mac's
asset-liability  match and reduces  future  interest  expense.  The combined net
after-tax extraordinary gain resulting from the repurchase of outstanding Farmer
Mac debt in 2002 was $0.9 million.

     Business  Volume and  Purchase  Prices.  During  2002,  the volume of loans
purchased or placed under Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities under LTSPCs totaled
$2.1  billion,  a 38 percent  increase over 2001 volume.  This increase  largely
resulted from the purchase of a $489.5  million loan portfolio in second quarter
2002 and  increases in LTSPCs from $1.0 billion in 2001 to $1.2 billion in 2002.
See  "Business--Farmer  Mac Programs--Farmer Mac I--Off-Balance Sheet Guarantees
and  Commitments"  and Note 12 to the  consolidated  financial  statements for a
description of LTSPCs. The following table sets forth information  regarding the
volume of loans  purchased or placed under Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities or
LTSPCs for the periods indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                 Farmer Mac Loan Purchases, Guarantees and LTSPCs
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           For the Year Ended December 31,
                                  --------------------------------------------
                                        2002            2001           2000
                                  --------------  --------------  ------------
                                                   (in thousands)
<S>                                <C>             <C>           <C>

 Farmer Mac I:
   Loans and Guaranteed Securities    $ 747,881     $ 272,127      $ 442,246
   LTSPCs                             1,155,479     1,032,967        373,202
 Farmer Mac II                          173,011       198,171        193,505
                                   -------------- --------------  -----------
   Total                             $2,076,371    $1,503,265     $1,008,953
</TABLE>

     The purchase  price of newly  originated  and seasoned  eligible  loans and
portfolios  purchased  through the cash window,  none of which are delinquent at
the time of purchase,  is the fair value based on current market  interest rates
and Farmer Mac's target net yield, which includes an amount to compensate Farmer
Mac for credit  risk that is  similar  to the  guarantee  or  commitment  fee it
receives for accepting credit risk on loans underlying  post-1996 Act Farmer Mac
I Guaranteed  Securities and LTSPCs. The purchase price for loans purchased from
all related  parties is determined in the same manner as for loans acquired from
any other third party. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for a
description of related party transactions.

     As part of fulfilling its guarantee obligations for Farmer Mac I Guaranteed
Securities and commitments to purchase eligible loans underlying LTSPCs,  Farmer
Mac purchases  defaulted  loans, all of which are at least 90 days delinquent at
the time of purchase,  out of those securities and pools. The purchase price for
defaulted  loans  purchased  out of Farmer Mac I  Guaranteed  Securities  is the
current  outstanding  principal  balance  of the loan plus  accrued  and  unpaid
interest. The purchase price for defaulted loans purchased under an LTSPC is the
current  outstanding  principal  balance of the loan,  with  accrued  and unpaid
interest on the  defaulted  loans  payable  out of any future  loan  payments or
liquidation proceeds as received.  The purchase price of a defaulted loan is not
an  indicator  of the  expected  loss on that loan;  many other  factors  affect
expected  loss,  if any, on loans so purchased.  See "--Risk  Management--Credit
Risk - Loans."

<PAGE>


     The following table presents Farmer Mac's purchases of newly originated and
current seasoned loans and purchases of defaulted loans underlying  Farmer Mac I
Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                              For the Year Ended
                                                  December 31,
                                         ------------------------------
                                             2002            2001
                                         --------------  --------------
                                                (in thousands)
<S>                                      <C>             <C>
 Farmer Mac I newly originated
    and current seasoned loan purchases   $ 747,881       $ 272,127

 Defaulted loans purchased underlying
    off-balance sheet Farmer Mac I
    Guaranteed Securities                    17,386           6,005
 Defaulted loans underlying
    on-balance sheet Farmer Mac I
    Guaranteed Securities transferred
    to loans                                 25,675             526
 Defaulted loans purchased underlying
    underlying LTSPCs                         3,386           1,751

</TABLE>

     The increase in newly  originated  and current  seasoned loan purchases was
attributable to an increase in program volume.  The increases in defaulted loans
purchased and in defaulted loans transferred to loans reflect:

     o    the general increase in 90-day delinquencies;
     o    Farmer Mac's  practice of purchasing  90-day  delinquent  loans out of
          Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities; and
     o    recordation in the  consolidated  financial  statements of other loans
          over which it has regained effective control during the period.

With respect to the last circumstance  cited, when particular  criteria are met,
such as the default of the borrower, Farmer Mac becomes entitled to exercise its
option  to  purchase  the  defaulted  loans  underlying  Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed
Securities  (these  options are  commonly  referred  to as  "removal-of-account"
provisions).  Farmer  Mac  records  these  loans in the  consolidated  financial
statements  during the period in which  Farmer Mac has the option to  repurchase
the loans and therefore regains effective control over the transferred loans.

     The  weighted-average  age of the Farmer Mac I newly originated and current
seasoned  loans  purchased  during  2002  and  2001  was 3 years  and 6  months,
respectively.  Of the  combined  total  of  Farmer  Mac I newly  originated  and
seasoned  loans that were  purchased  (excluding  purchases of defaulted  loans)
during 2002 and 2001,  76 percent and 71 percent,  respectively,  had  principal
amortization  periods  longer  than the  maturity  date,  resulting  in  balloon
payments at maturity, with a weighted-average remaining term to maturity of 11.1
years and 14.3 years, respectively. The weighted-average age of delinquent loans
purchased out of securitized pools and LTSPCs during 2002 and 2001 was 4.3 years
and 4.6 years, respectively.

     The outstanding principal balance of loans held and loans underlying Farmer
Mac Guaranteed  Securities and LTSPCs increased 32 percent to $5.5 billion as of
December 31, 2002 from $4.2 billion as of December 31, 2001. The following table
sets forth  information  regarding  those  outstanding  balances as of the dates
indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

               Outstanding Balance of Farmer Mac Loans and Loans Underlying
                      Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                          As of December 31,
                                         --------------------------------------------------
                                              2002              2001             2000
                                         ---------------   ---------------  ---------------
                                                            (in thousands)
<S>                                        <C>               <C>              <C>
 Farmer Mac I:
     Post-1996 Act:
        Loans and Guaranteed Securities     $ 2,168,994       $ 1,658,716      $ 1,646,193
        LTSPCs                                2,681,240         1,884,260          862,804
     Pre-1996 Act                                31,960            48,979           83,513
 Farmer Mac II                                  645,790           595,156          517,703
                                         ---------------   ---------------  ---------------
 Total                                      $ 5,527,984       $ 4,187,111      $ 3,110,213
                                         ---------------   ---------------  ---------------
</TABLE>


     The  following  table  sets  forth  information  regarding  the  Farmer Mac
Guaranteed Securities issued during the periods indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                           Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities Issuances
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                       ----------------------------------------------
                                                            2002            2001            2000
                                                       --------------- --------------  --------------
                                                                        (in thousands)

<S>                                                    <C>             <C>             <C>
 Retained                                                    $ -         $ 33,932       $ 360,037
 Sold                                                     47,682           77,422         159,910
 Swap transactions                                             -            5,574               -
                                                       --------------- --------------  --------------
   Total Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities Issuances     $ 47,682        $ 116,928       $ 519,947
                                                       --------------- --------------  --------------
</TABLE>


     Based on market conditions, Farmer Mac either retains Farmer Mac Guaranteed
Securities  or sells them to capital  markets  investors.  During 2002 and 2001,
Farmer Mac sold Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities  to third  parties  totaling
$47.7  million  and  $77.4  million,  respectively,  at no gain or loss.  LTSPCs
typically  involve  seasoned  loans,  while cash purchase  transactions  usually
represent  acquisitions of newly  originated  loans.  The increased  activity in
LTSPCs is a result of growing  recognition of the capital planning and corporate
finance  advantages  that the  structure  offers by  institutions  that could so
benefit.   Management   expects  that  LTSPCs  will  continue  to  constitute  a
significant  portion of Farmer  Mac's new Farmer Mac I program  activity  during
2003.

     Outstanding commitments to purchase loans (other than under LTSPCs) and the
total balance of loans  submitted for approval or approved but not yet purchased
are indicators of individual loan purchase volume through the cash window in the
immediately  succeeding reporting period. Many purchase commitments entered into
by  Farmer  Mac are  mandatory  delivery  commitments.  If a  seller  obtains  a
mandatory  commitment  and is unable to deliver the loans  required,  Farmer Mac
requires the seller to pay a fee to modify, extend or cancel the commitment.  As
of December 31, 2002,  outstanding  commitments to purchase  Farmer Mac I and II
loans totaled $26.2 million,  compared to $21.1 million as of December 31, 2001.
Of the total Farmer Mac I and II commitments outstanding as of December 31, 2002
and  2001,  $21.7  million  and  $16.4  million,  respectively,  were  mandatory
commitments.  Loans  submitted for approval or approved but not yet committed to
purchase  totaled  $53.4  million as of December  31,  2002,  compared to $106.1
million as of December 31, 2001.  Not all of such loans are  purchased,  as some
are denied for credit reasons or withdrawn by the seller.

Balance Sheet Review

     Assets. As of December 31, 2002, total assets were $4.2 billion compared to
$3.4 billion as of December 31, 2001. The increase in total assets was primarily
due to growth in program assets  (Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities and loans),
which  increased  $683.6  million  during  2002  to a  total  of  $2.6  billion.
Non-program  assets increased to $1.6 billion as of December 31, 2002, from $1.4
billion as of December 31,  2001.  The  following  table  presents  Farmer Mac's
on-balance sheet program assets based on their repricing frequency.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

        Principal Balance of Loans Held and Loans Underlying
         On-Balance Sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               As of December 31,
                                     ------------------------------------
                                           2002               2001
                                     -----------------   ----------------
                                                 (in thousands)

<S>                                  <C>                <C>
 Fixed Rate                           $ 1,003,434          $ 764,115
 5-to-10 Year ARMS & Resets               981,548            790,948
 1-Month-to-3-Year ARMS                   494,713            302,169
                                     -----------------   ----------------
    Total                             $ 2,479,695        $ 1,857,232
                                     -----------------   ----------------
</TABLE>


     Liabilities.  Total liabilities  increased from $3.3 billion as of December
31, 2001 to $4.0 billion as of December 31,  2002.  The increase in  liabilities
was primarily due to growth in notes payable,  which  corresponded to the growth
in on-balance sheet program assets.  The remaining increase in total liabilities
was due to  increases  in accrued  interest  payable,  the reserve for losses on
Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities  and LTSPCs and an increase in the liability
for financial  derivatives.  For more information about Farmer Mac's reserve for
losses, see "--Risk Management--Credit Risk - Loans." For more information about
Farmer  Mac's  funding  and  interest  rate  risk  practices  and how  financial
derivatives are used, see "--Risk Management--Interest Rate Risk."

     Capital.  As of December  31, 2002,  stockholders'  equity  totaled  $183.6
million,  compared to $134.4  million as of December 31, 2001.  The increase was
primarily due to the issuance of $35.0 million of preferred stock and net income
available to common stockholders earned during 2002 of $21.3 million,  offset by
an $8.8 million reduction in accumulated other  comprehensive  loss that was due
to a net decrease in the market  values of financial  derivatives  classified as
cash flow hedges and partially  offset by an increase in net unrealized gains on
investment  securities  and  Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  classified  as
available for sale. Accumulated other comprehensive income is not a component of
Farmer Mac's core capital or regulatory capital.

     Return on average common equity was 15.0 percent for 2002, compared to 12.2
percent for 2001. The effects of SFAS 133 and Statement of Financial  Accounting
Standards  No.  115,  Accounting  for  Certain  Investments  in Debt and  Equity
Securities,  reduced the average return on common equity by 2.2 percent for 2002
and by 2.8 percent for 2001.

     As of December 31, 2002,  Farmer Mac's core capital totaled $184.0 million,
compared to $126.0  million as of December  31,  2001.  As of December 31, 2002,
Farmer Mac's core capital exceeded its statutory minimum capital  requirement of
$137.1  million  by $46.9  million.  FCA  issued  its final  risk-based  capital
regulation for Farmer Mac on April 12, 2001 and the  Corporation was required to
meet the risk-based capital standards  beginning on May 23, 2002. As of December
31, 2002 the  risk-based  capital  stress test  generated a  regulatory  capital
requirement of $73.4 million.  Farmer Mac's regulatory capital of $204.0 million
exceeded  that  amount by  approximately  $130.6  million.  The  Corporation  is
required  to  hold  capital  at the  higher  of the  statutory  minimum  capital
requirement or the amount  required by the  risk-based  capital stress test. For
further   information,   see   "--Liquidity   and   Capital   Resources--Capital
Requirements."

     Off-Balance  Sheet  Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  and  LTSPCs.  As of
December  31,  2002,   outstanding   off-balance  sheet  Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed
Securities  and LTSPCs  totaled  $3.0  billion,  compared to $2.3  billion as of
December 31,  2001.  The  following  table  presents the balance of  outstanding
LTSPCs and off-balance sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities as of December 31,
2002 and 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                   Outstanding Balance of LTSPCs and
           Off-Balance Sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 As of December 31,
                                          ----------------------------------
                                                2002              2001
                                          -----------------  ---------------
                                                    (in thousands)
<S>                                        <C>                 <C>
 Farmer Mac I:
   Post-1996 Act obligations:
    Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities       $ 299,940           $ 366,749
    LTSPCs                                   2,681,240           1,884,260
                                          -----------------   --------------
     Total Post-1996 Act obligations         2,981,180           2,251,009
   Pre-1996 Act Farmer Mac I
    Guaranteed Securities                           -                 461
                                          -----------------   --------------
     Total Farmer Mac I                      2,981,180           2,251,470
 Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities            67,109              78,409
                                          -----------------   --------------
     Total Farmer Mac I and II              $3,048,289          $2,329,879
                                          -----------------   --------------
</TABLE>

     For  more  information   about  off-balance  sheet  Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed
Securities,  see  "--Risk  Management--Credit  Risk - Loans"  and Note 12 to the
consolidated financial statements.

Risk Management

     Interest  Rate Risk.  Farmer Mac is  subject to  interest  rate risk on all
assets held for investment  because of possible  timing  differences in the cash
flows of the assets and related  liabilities.  This risk is primarily related to
loans held and  Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  because  of the  ability of
borrowers to prepay their  mortgages  before the scheduled  maturities,  thereby
increasing  the risk of asset  and  liability  cash flow  mismatches.  Cash flow
mismatches in a changing  interest rate  environment  can reduce the earnings of
the  Corporation  if assets repay sooner than  expected and the  resulting  cash
flows must be reinvested in lower-yielding investments when Farmer Mac's funding
costs  cannot be  correspondingly  reduced,  or if assets repay more slowly than
expected and the associated debt must be replaced by higher-cost debt.


     Yield maintenance  provisions and other prepayment  penalties  contained in
many agricultural mortgage loans reduce, but do not eliminate,  this risk. Those
provisions  require  borrowers  to make an  additional  payment when they prepay
their  loans,  so that,  when  reinvested  with  the  prepaid  principal,  yield
maintenance payments generate  substantially the same cash flows that would have
been  generated  had the  loan not  prepaid.  This  creates  a  disincentive  to
prepayment  and  compensates  the  Corporation  for its interest rate risks to a
large degree. As of December 31, 2002, 57 percent of the outstanding  balance of
all loans held and loans  underlying  on-balance  sheet  Farmer Mac I Guaranteed
Securities  (including 91 percent of all loans with fixed  interest  rates) were
covered by yield maintenance  provisions and other prepayment  penalties.  As of
December  31,  2002,  50 percent of the total  outstanding  balance of  retained
Farmer Mac I loans and Guaranteed  Securities had yield  maintenance  provisions
and 7 percent had another form of prepayment protection. Of the Farmer Mac I new
and current loans purchased in 2002, 54 percent had yield maintenance or another
form of  prepayment  protection  (including  88  percent of all loans with fixed
interest rates). None of the  USDA-guaranteed  portions underlying Farmer Mac II
Guaranteed Securities had yield maintenance provisions.

     The goal of  interest  rate risk  management  at Farmer  Mac is to create a
portfolio that generates  stable earnings and value across a variety of interest
rate environments. Farmer Mac's primary strategy for managing interest rate risk
is to fund asset purchases with liabilities that have similar  durations so that
they will perform  similarly as interest  rates  change.  To achieve this match,
Farmer Mac issues discount notes and both callable and non-callable  medium-term
notes across a spectrum of maturities  and purchases  financial  derivatives  to
alter the duration of its liabilities and so its interest rate sensitivities. By
using a blend of  liabilities  that includes  callable  debt,  the interest rate
sensitivities  of the liabilities tend to increase or decrease as interest rates
change in a manner similar to changes in the interest rate  sensitivities of the
assets.

     Farmer Mac's $723.8 million of cash and cash equivalents as of December 31,
2002 matures within three months and are match-funded with discount notes having
similar maturities.  Investment  securities of $830.4 million as of December 31,
2002 consist of $555.5 million (68 percent) of floating rate securities that all
have rates that adjust within one year. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial
statements for more  information on investment  securities.  These floating rate
investments  are  funded  using  a  series  of  discount  note  issuances.  Each
successive  discount  note  issuance  matures  on  or  about  the  corresponding
repricing date of the related investment.

     Farmer Mac is also subject to interest rate risk on loans,  including loans
that Farmer Mac has committed to acquire but has not yet purchased.  When Farmer
Mac commits to purchase a loan,  it is exposed to interest rate risk between the
time it commits to purchase the loan and the time it either:

     o    sells Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities backed by the loan; or
     o    issues debt to retain the loan in its portfolio (although issuing debt
          to fund the loan as an investment  does not fully  eliminate  interest
          rate risk due to the possible timing  differences in the cash flows of
          the assets and related liabilities, as discussed above).

Farmer Mac manages the interest rate risk related to such loans, and any related
Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities or debt  issuance,  through the use of forward
sale   contracts   on  the  debt  and   mortgage-backed   securities   of  other
government-sponsored  enterprises and futures contracts  involving U.S. Treasury
securities.  Farmer  Mac  uses  government-sponsored   enterprise  forward  sale
contracts to reduce its interest rate exposure to changes in both Treasury rates
and spreads on Farmer Mac debt and Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities.

      Since interest rate sensitivity may change with the passage of time and as
interest rates change, Farmer Mac assesses this exposure on a regular basis and
rebalances its portfolio of assets and liabilities as necessary through:

     o    the purchase of mortgage assets in the ordinary course of business;
     o    the refunding of existing liabilities; or
     o    the use of derivatives to alter the characteristics of existing assets
          or liabilities.

     The most  strenuous  measure  of  Farmer  Mac's  interest  rate risk is the
sensitivity  of its Market  Value of Equity  ("MVE")  to  parallel  yield  curve
shocks.  MVE  represents the present value of all future cash flows from on- and
off-balance sheet assets,  liabilities and financial derivatives,  discounted at
current  interest  rates and spreads.  The  following  schedule  summarizes  the
results of Farmer  Mac's MVE  sensitivity  analysis as of December  31, 2002 and
December 31, 2001 to an immediate and instantaneous  parallel shift in the yield
curve.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                         Percentage Change in MVE from
                                  Base Case
                      ----------------------------------
      Interest Rate     December 31,    December 31,
        Scenario            2002            2001
    ---------------   ----------------  ----------------
<S>   <C>                 <C>              <C>

       + 300 bp            15.6%             -1.3%
       + 200 bp            11.0%             -0.1%
       + 100 bp             5.9%              0.6%
       - 100 bp            -7.1%             -2.4%
       - 200 bp             N/A*             -6.4%
       - 300 bp             N/A*            -16.2%

*   As of December 31, 2002, a -200 bp parallel
    shift of the U. S. Treasury yield curve produced
    negative interest rates for maturities of 2 years
    and shorter.
</TABLE>

     While Farmer Mac's  interest  rate  sensitivity  increased  during 2002, it
remained  relatively  stable and at relatively  low levels  despite the volatile
interest rate environment. During 2002, interest rates fell to historic lows and
interest-rate  volatility  increased  significantly.  As interest rates declined
dramatically and prepayments increased, the duration of Farmer Mac's assets that
do not have  prepayment  protection  shortened  somewhat  more  than that of its
liabilities,  causing a widening of Farmer Mac's effective duration gap, another
standard measure of interest rate risk. Farmer Mac's effective  duration gap was
minus 3.6 months as of  December  31,  2002,  compared  to minus 1.0 month as of
December  31, 2001.  This  environment  also caused MVE and net interest  income
("NII") to show positive  sensitivity to increasing  interest rates and negative
sensitivity to continued decreases in interest rates.

     NII sensitivity, a shorter-term measure of interest rate risk, demonstrated
a similar change in its exposures to interest rate movements. As of December 31,
2002, a uniform or "parallel" increase of 100 basis points would increase NII by
6.8 percent, while a parallel decrease of 100 basis points would decrease NII by
6.7 percent.  Farmer Mac also measures the  sensitivity of both MVE and NII to a
variety  of  non-parallel   interest  rate  shocks,   including  flattening  and
steepening yield curve scenarios. Both MVE and NII continue to be less sensitive
to non-parallel  shocks than to the parallel  shocks.  The sensitivity of Farmer
Mac's MVE and NII to both parallel and  non-parallel  interest rate shocks,  and
its duration gap, indicate the  effectiveness of the  Corporation's  approach to
managing its interest rate risk exposures.

     The economic  effects of financial  derivatives,  including  interest  rate
swaps,  are  included in the MVE,  NII and  duration  gap  analyses.  Farmer Mac
generally  enters into various  interest rate swaps to reduce interest rate risk
as follows:

     o    "floating-to-fixed  interest  rate swaps" in which it pays fixed rates
          of  interest  to,  and  receives  floating  rates  of  interest  from,
          counterparties; these adjust the characteristics of short-term debt to
          match  more  closely  the cash flow and  duration  characteristics  of
          longer-term  reset  and  fixed-rate  mortgages  and other  assets  and
          provide  an  overall  lower  effective  cost of  borrowing  than would
          otherwise be available in the conventional debt market;
     o    "fixed-to-floating  interest  rate swaps" in which it  receives  fixed
          rates of  interest  from,  and pays  floating  rates of  interest  to,
          counterparties;  these adjust the characteristics of long-term debt to
          match  more  closely  the cash flow and  duration  characteristics  of
          short-term assets; and
     o    "basis swaps" in which it pays variable rates of interest based on one
          index to, and  receives  variable  rates of interest  based on another
          index from,  counterparties;  these  alter  interest  rate  indices of
          liabilities to match those of assets, and vice versa.

As of December 31, 2002, Farmer Mac had $1.2 billion combined notional amount of
interest rate swaps,  of which $733.1  million were  floating-to-fixed  interest
rate  swaps,   $350.8   million   were  basis  swaps  and  $85.0   million  were
fixed-to-floating  interest  rate swaps,  with terms ranging from one to fifteen
years.

     Farmer Mac uses financial  derivatives as an end-user for hedging purposes,
not for trading or speculative  purposes.  When financial  derivatives  meet the
specific  hedge  criteria  under SFAS 133, they are accounted for as either fair
value  hedges or cash flow  hedges.  Financial  derivatives  that do not satisfy
those hedge  criteria  are not  accounted  for as hedges and changes in the fair
value of those financial derivatives are reported as a gain or loss on financial
derivatives  and trading  assets in the statement of  operations.  All of Farmer
Mac's  derivatives  transactions  are conducted  under  standard  collateralized
agreements   that  limit  Farmer  Mac's   potential   credit   exposure  to  any
counterparty.  As of December 31, 2002, Farmer Mac had no  uncollateralized  net
exposure to any counterparty.

     Credit Risk - Loans.  Farmer Mac's  primary  exposure to credit risk is the
risk of loss resulting from the inability of borrowers to repay their mortgages.
Farmer Mac is exposed to credit risk on:

     o    loans it holds;
     o    loans underlying Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities; and
     o    loans underlying LTSPCs.

Loans held or loans underlying Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities or LTSPCs can be
divided into four groups:

     o    loans held for investment;
     o    loans underlying pre-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities;
     o    loans underlying  post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities or
          LTSPCs; and
     o    USDA-guaranteed   portions   underlying   Farmer  Mac  II   Guaranteed
          Securities.

For loans  underlying  pre-1996  Act Farmer  Mac I  Guaranteed  Securities,  ten
percent  first-loss  subordinated  interests  mitigate  Farmer Mac's credit risk
exposure.  Before  Farmer Mac incurs a credit loss,  full recourse must first be
taken  against  the   subordinated   interest.   The  1996  Act  eliminated  the
subordinated interest requirement. As a result, Farmer Mac generally assumes 100
percent of the credit  risk on loans held for  investment  and loans  underlying
post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs. Farmer Mac's credit
exposure on USDA-guaranteed  portions is covered by the full faith and credit of
the United States.  Farmer Mac believes it has little or no credit risk exposure
to loans underlying  pre-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities because of
the subordinated interests,  or to USDA-guaranteed  portions because of the USDA
guarantee.  The outstanding principal balance of loans held and loans underlying
Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities or LTSPCs is summarized in the table below.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      As of December 31,
                            ------------------------------------
                                 2002                 2001
                            -------------------  ---------------
                                       (in thousands)
<S>                           <C>                 <C>
 Farmer Mac I:
   Post-1996 Act               $ 4,850,234         $ 3,542,976
   Pre-1996 Act                     31,960              48,979
 Farmer Mac II:
   USDA-guaranteed portions        645,790             595,156
                            ----------------     ---------------
                               $ 5,527,984         $ 4,187,111
                            ----------------     ---------------
</TABLE>

     For  several  years,  Farmer  Mac  has  conducted  guarantee  fee  adequacy
analyses,  using stress-test models developed internally and with the assistance
of outside  experts.  These  analyses  have taken into  account  the diverse and
dissimilar  characteristics of the various asset categories for which Farmer Mac
manages its risk exposures,  and have evolved as the mix and character of assets
under management has shifted with growth in the business and the addition of new
asset  categories.  Based on current  information,  Farmer Mac believes that its
guarantee fee is adequate compensation for the credit risk that it assumes.

     Farmer Mac has  established  underwriting  and appraisal  standards for all
post-1996 Act loans and loans  underlying  Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities and
LTSPCs.  Those standards are designed to mitigate the risk of loss from borrower
defaults and to provide guidance  concerning the management,  administration and
conduct of underwriting and appraisals to all participants in its programs.  The
standards  were  developed  on the  basis of  industry  norms  for  agricultural
mortgage loans and are designed to assess the  creditworthiness of the borrower,
as well as the value of the  mortgaged  property  relative  to the amount of the
mortgage  loan.  Farmer  Mac  requires  sellers  to  make   representations  and
warranties  regarding  the  conformity  of  eligible  mortgage  loans  to  these
standards  and other  requirements  it may  impose  from time to time.  Detailed
information  regarding  Farmer Mac's  underwriting  and appraisal  standards and
seller  eligibility   requirements  are  presented  in   "Business--Farmer   Mac
I--Underwriting and Appraisal Standards" and "Business--Farmer Mac I--Sellers."

     Farmer Mac  maintains an allowance for losses to cover  estimated  probable
losses on loans held for  investment and loans  underlying  post-1996 Act Farmer
Mac I Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs in accordance with Statement of Financial
Accounting  Standard  No.  5,  Accounting  for  Contingencies,  ("SFAS  5")  and
Statement of Financial  Accounting Standard No. 114, Accounting by Creditors for
Impairment of a Loan ("SFAS 114"). The methodology for determining the allowance
for  losses  is the same for loans  held for  investment  and  loans  underlying
post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities  and LTSPCs because Farmer Mac
believes the ultimate credit risk is the same, i.e., the underlying agricultural
mortgage loans all meet the same credit  underwriting  and appraisal  standards.
For  accepting  the credit risk on loans  underlying  post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I
Guaranteed  Securities  and  LTSPCs,  Farmer  Mac  receives  guarantee  fees and
commitment  fees,  respectively.  For loans held,  Farmer Mac receives  interest
income that includes a component  that  correlates to its guarantee  fee,  which
Farmer Mac views as compensation for accepting credit risk.

     No  allowance  for losses has been made for loans  underlying  Farmer Mac I
Guaranteed  Securities  issued prior to the 1996 Act or Farmer Mac II Guaranteed
Securities.  Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities issued prior to the 1996 Act are
supported by unguaranteed first-loss subordinated interests,  which are expected
to exceed the estimated credit losses on those loans.  USDA-guaranteed  portions
collateralizing  Farmer Mac II Guaranteed  Securities are obligations  backed by
the full  faith  and  credit  of the  United  States.  To date,  Farmer  Mac has
experienced  no credit  losses  on any  pre-1996  Act  Farmer  Mac I  Guaranteed
Securities or on any Farmer Mac II Guaranteed  Securities and does not expect to
incur any such losses in the future.

     The  allowance  for  losses  is  presented  in  three   components  on  the
consolidated balance sheet:

     o    an "Allowance for loan losses" on loans held for investment;
     o    a valuation  allowance on real estate owned,  which is included in the
          balance sheet under "Real estate owned (net of valuation  allowance)";
          and
     o    an allowance for losses on loans underlying post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I
          Guaranteed  Securities  and  LTSPCs,  which is included in the balance
          sheet under "Reserve for losses."

     The provision for losses is presented in two components on the consolidated
statement of operations:

     o    a "Provision for loan losses," which represents losses on Farmer Mac's
          loans held for investment; and
     o    a "Provision for losses," which represents  losses on loans underlying
          post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities  and LTSPCs and real
          estate owned.

     During the year ended December 31, 2002,  Farmer Mac  reclassified  certain
components  of its  allowance for losses and its provision for losses to further
clarify its  presentation.  Reclassifications  of the  allowance  for losses and
provision  for losses  for prior  periods  were made to  conform to the  current
period presentation.  These reclassifications are for presentation purposes only
and have no impact on Farmer Mac's risk  exposure,  results from  operations  or
financial  position.  See Note  2(j),  Note 2(q) and Note 8 to the  consolidated
financial statements for additional information.

     Farmer Mac's allowance for losses is estimated  using a systematic  process
that begins with management's  evaluation of the results of its proprietary loan
pool  simulation  and  guarantee fee model (the  "Model");  those results may be
modified by the  application  of  management  judgment  that takes into  account
factors including:

     o    economic conditions;
     o    geographic and agricultural  commodity  concentrations of Farmer Mac's
          portfolio;
     o    the credit profile of Farmer Mac's portfolio;
     o    delinquency trends of Farmer Mac's portfolio; and
     o    historical charge-off and recovery activity of Farmer Mac's portfolio.

     The Model offers historical loss experience on agricultural  mortgage loans
similar to those on which Farmer Mac has assumed  credit risk, but over a longer
term  than  Farmer  Mac's  own  experience  to  date.  Farmer  Mac's  systematic
methodology for determining its allowance for losses is expected to migrate over
time,  away from the Model and  toward  the  increased  use of Farmer  Mac's own
historical  portfolio loss experience,  as that experience continues to develop.
During this  migration,  Farmer Mac will  continue  to use the results  from the
Model,  augmented by the  application of management's  judgment,  to develop its
loan loss allowance.

     Management  believes that its use of this  methodology  produces a reliable
estimate of total probable  losses,  as of the balance sheet date, for all loans
included in Farmer Mac's  portfolio,  including  loans held for  investment  and
loans underlying post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs.

     In  addition,   Farmer  Mac   specifically   analyzes   its   portfolio  of
non-performing  assets  (loans  90  days  or  more  past  due,  in  foreclosure,
restructured,  in  bankruptcy - including  loans  performing  under either their
original  loan  terms  or  a  court-approved  bankruptcy  plan,  and  REO)  on a
loan-by-loan basis. This analysis measures impairment based on the fair value of
the underlying  collateral for each individual loan relative to the total amount
due,  including  principal,  interest and advances  under SFAS 114. In the event
that the updated  appraisal or  management's  estimate of discounted  collateral
value does not support the total amount due, Farmer Mac specifically  determines
an allowance for the loan for the difference between the recorded investment and
its fair value, less estimated costs to liquidate the collateral.

     Management  believes that the general  allowance,  which is the  difference
between the total allowance for losses (generated  through use of the Model) and
the specific allowances,  adequately covers any losses inherent in the portfolio
of performing loans under SFAS 5.

     Farmer  Mac  considers  that the  methodology  described  above  produces a
reliable  estimate  of the total  probable  losses  inherent  in the  Farmer Mac
portfolio. The Model:

     o    runs various configurations of loan types, terms, economic conditions,
          and borrower  eligibility  criteria to generate a distribution of loss
          exposures over time for all loans in the portfolio;
     o    uses  historical   agricultural   real  estate  loan  origination  and
          servicing  data that reflect  varied  economic  conditions  and stress
          levels in the agricultural sector;
     o    contains  features that allow variations for changes in loan portfolio
          characteristics  to make the data set more  representative  of  Farmer
          Mac's portfolio and credit underwriting standards; and
     o    considers  the effects of the ageing of the loan  portfolio  along the
          expected loss curves  associated  with individual  cohort  origination
          years,  including the segments that are entering into or coming out of
          their peak default years.

     Farmer Mac analyzes  various  iterations  of the Model data to evaluate its
overall  allowance  for loss and back tests the results to  validate  the Model.
Such tests use prior period data to project losses expected in a current period,
and compare  those  projections  to actual  losses  incurred  during the current
period.

     The  allowance  for losses is increased  through  periodic  provisions  for
losses charged to expense and reduced by charge-offs  for actual losses,  net of
recoveries   that  are  recognized  if  liquidation   proceeds  exceed  previous
estimates.  Charge-offs  represent losses on the outstanding  principal balance,
any interest  payments  previously  accrued or advanced  and  expected  costs of
liquidation.

     The  following  table  summarizes  the  changes  in the  components  of the
allowance for losses for each year in the  three-year  period ended December 31,
2002:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     ---------------------------------------------------------
                                        Allowance        REO                       Total
                                        for Loan      Valuation      Reserve     Allowance
                                         Losses       Allowance     for Losses   for Losses
                                     -------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
                                                           (in thousands)
<S>                                   <C>              <C>        <C>           <C>
 Balances as of January 1, 2000          $ 120            $ -       $ 6,464       $ 6,584
     Provision for losses                  300              -         4,439         4,739
     Net charge-offs                         -              -             -             -
                                     -------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
 Balances as of December 31, 2000        $ 420            $ -      $ 10,903      $ 11,323
                                     -------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
     Provision for losses                  600              -         6,125         6,725
     Net allocation of
       allowance                            (5)           (61)           66             -
     Net charge-offs                       337             61        (2,562)       (2,164)
                                     -------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
 Balances as of December 31, 2001      $ 1,352            $ -      $ 14,532      $ 15,884
                                     -------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
     Provision for losses                1,340              -         6,883         8,223
     Net allocation of
       allowance                         3,221          1,284        (4,505)            -
     Net charge-offs                    (3,251)          (692)         (153)       (4,096)
                                     -------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
 Balances as of December 31, 2002      $ 2,662          $ 592      $ 16,757      $ 20,011
                                     -------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
</TABLE>

When certain  criteria are met, such as the default of the borrower,  Farmer Mac
has the option to purchase the defaulted loans underlying  Farmer Mac Guaranteed
Securities  and is  obligated  to  purchase  those  underlying  an LTSPC.  These
acquisitions are recorded in the consolidated financial statements at their fair
value.  Fair value is  determined  by  appraisal  or  management's  estimate  of
discounted  collateral  value. In September 2002,  Farmer Mac adopted EITF issue
02-9,  Accounting for Changes That Result in a Transferor  Regaining  Control of
Financial Assets Sold ("the consensus" or "EITF 02-9").  The consensus  requires
that Farmer Mac record,  at  acquisition,  the  difference  between  each loan's
acquisition  cost and its fair  value,  if any,  as a charge to the  reserve for
losses. Prior to the adoption of the consensus,  any specific allowance that had
been   established  for  the  off-balance   sheet  obligation  would  have  been
transferred  from the  reserve  for  losses  to the  allowance  for loan  losses
(referred to as "net allocation of the allowance" in the table below).  Upon the
receipt of each  loan's  updated  appraisal  or  determination  of  management's
estimate of discounted  collateral value, the difference between the acquisition
cost of the loan and its fair  value,  if any,  was  recorded as a charge to the
allowance for loan losses.

     Farmer Mac's total provision for losses was $8.2 million for 2002, compared
to $6.7 million for 2001.  During  2002,  Farmer Mac charged off $4.6 million in
losses  against  the  allowance  for  losses and  recovered  $0.5  million  from
previously  charged off losses,  for net  charge-offs  of $4.1 million.  The net
charge-offs  for 2002  included $1.3 million  related to  previously  accrued or
advanced  interest on loans or Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities,  compared to
$0.5 million for 2001.

     As of December 31, 2002,  Farmer Mac's  allowance for losses  totaled $20.0
million,  or 42 basis points of the outstanding  principal balance of loans held
and loans  underlying  post-1996  Act Farmer  Mac I  Guaranteed  Securities  and
LTSPCs, compared to $15.9 million (45 basis points) as of December 31, 2001. The
year-to-year  decline  in this  ratio is a  result  of a large  increase  in the
outstanding portfolio during 2002 compared to the provisions for probable losses
directly related to those loans.

     As of December  31, 2002,  loans held and loans  underlying  post-1996  Act
Farmer Mac I  Guaranteed  Securities  and LTSPCs  that were 90 days or more past
due, in foreclosure,  restructured after delinquency,  in bankruptcy  (including
loans  performing  under either their  original  loan terms or a  court-approved
bankruptcy plan) and real estate owned ("post-1996 Act  non-performing  assets")
totaled $75.3 million and represented  1.56 percent of the principal  balance of
all loans  held and loans  underlying  post-1996  Act  Farmer  Mac I  Guaranteed
Securities  and LTSPCs,  compared to $58.3 million (1.70 percent) as of December
31, 2001. Loans that have been restructured after delinquency were insignificant
and are included within the reported 90-day delinquency and non-performing asset
disclosures.  As of December 31, 2002, Farmer Mac's 90-day delinquencies totaled
$58.2 million and represented 1.21 percent of the principal balance of all loans
held and loans underlying  post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities and
LTSPCs,  compared to $54.5 million (1.59 percent) as of December 31, 2001.  From
quarter  to  quarter,  Farmer Mac  anticipates  the  90-day  delinquencies  will
fluctuate,  both in dollars and as a percentage  of the  outstanding  portfolio,
with  higher  levels  likely at the end of the first and third  quarters of each
year  corresponding  to the  semi-annual  (January  1st and  July  1st)  payment
characteristics of most Farmer Mac I loans.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                          Outstanding
                         Post-1996 Act                                       Less:
                            Loans,            Non-                          REO and
                        Guarantees and     Performing                     Performing          90-Day
                            LTSPCs           Assets         Percentage    Bankruptcies     Delinquencies    Percentage
                       ----------------- ---------------- ------------- ---------------- ---------------- --------------
                                                             (dollars in thousands)
<S>                      <C>               <C>             <C>            <C>              <C>              <C>
 As of:
   December 31, 2002      $ 4,821,634       $ 75,308        1.56%          $ 17,094         $ 58,214         1.21%
   September 30, 2002       4,506,330         91,286        2.03%            11,460           79,826         1.77%
   June 30, 2002            4,489,735         65,196        1.45%            14,931           50,265         1.12%
   March 31, 2002           3,754,171         87,097        2.32%             7,903           79,194         2.11%
   December 31, 2001        3,428,176         58,279        1.70%             3,743           54,536         1.59%
   September 30, 2001       3,318,796         71,686        2.16%             5,183           66,503         2.00%
   June 30, 2001            3,089,460         53,139        1.72%             4,274           48,865         1.58%
   March 31, 2001           2,562,374         67,134        2.62%             2,154           64,980         2.54%
</TABLE>

The dollar  level of 90-day  delinquencies  and  period-over-period  charge-offs
correlates  to the  increasing  proportion  of Farmer Mac's  portfolio of loans,
guarantees and  commitments  entering their peak  delinquency  and default years
(approximately  years three through five after origination).  As of December 31,
2002,  approximately  $1.8 billion  (38.3  percent) of Farmer Mac's  outstanding
loans held and loans underlying post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities
and LTSPCs were in their peak  delinquency  and default  years  compared to $1.2
billion  (35.7  percent) of such loans as of December 31, 2001.  The Model takes
the portfolio age distribution and maturation into  consideration.  Accordingly,
those trends did not cause  management to alter the Model's  projection  for the
provisions for losses.

     As of December 31, 2002,  Farmer Mac's  loan-by-loan  analysis of its $75.3
million of  non-performing  assets and their updated  appraisals or management's
estimates of discounted  values  indicated  that $12.1 million had  insufficient
collateral to cover the loan balance, accrued interest and expenses.  Farmer Mac
has    specifically    allocated   $2.0   million   of   allowances   to   those
under-collateralized  loans.  Farmer Mac's loan-by-loan  analyses indicated that
the  remaining   $63.2  million  of   non-performing   assets  were   adequately
collateralized,  based  on  updated  appraisals  or  management's  estimates  of
discounted  collateral values, and that the allocation of specific allowances to
those loans was not necessary.  As of December 31, 2002, after the allocation of
specific  allowances to  under-collateralized  loans,  Farmer Mac had additional
non-specific  or  general  allowances  of  $18.0  million,  bringing  the  total
allowance for losses to $20.0 million. The following table summarizes the Farmer
Mac's non-performing assets and allowance for losses:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

              Farmer Mac I Post-1996 Act Non-performing Assets and Allowance for Losses
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             As of December 31, 2002              As of December 31, 2001
                                      ------------------------------------  -----------------------------------
                                                                    (in thousands)
                                                             Specific                             Specific
                                        Non-performing       Allowance        Non-performing      Allowance
                                            Assets           for Losses           Assets          for Losses
<S>                                       <C>               <C>                 <C>              <C>
 Loans 90 days or more past due            $ 17,600            $ 238             $ 24,701           $ 482
 Loans in foreclosure                        16,856              519               18,616           1,940
 Loans in bankruptcy *                       35,229              687               12,505           1,028
 Real estate owned                            5,623              592                2,457               -
                                     -------------------  ---------------  -------------------  --------------
       Total                               $ 75,308          $ 2,036             $ 58,279         $ 3,450
                                     -------------------  ---------------  -------------------  --------------

                                                             Allowance                            Allowance
                                                             for Losses                           for Losses
                                                          ---------------                       --------------
 Specific allowance for losses                               $ 2,036                              $ 3,450
 General allowance for losses                                 17,975                               12,434
                                                          ---------------                       --------------
       Total allowance for losses                           $ 20,011                             $ 15,884
                                                          ---------------                       --------------

* Includes loans that are performing under either their original loan terms or a court-approved
   bankruptcy plan.

</TABLE>


Based on Farmer Mac's  loan-by-loan  analyses,  loan  collection  experience and
continuing  provisions  for the allowance  for losses,  Farmer Mac believes that
ongoing losses will be covered adequately by the allowance for losses.

     Original  loan-to-value ratios are one of many factors Farmer Mac considers
in evaluating  loss  severity.  Other factors  include,  but are not limited to,
other  underwriting  standards,  commodity  and farming  forecasts  and regional
economic and agricultural conditions.  Loans in the Farmer Mac I program are all
first  mortgage  agricultural  real  estate  loans.  Accordingly,  Farmer  Mac's
exposure on a loan is limited to the difference between the principal balance of
a loan and the value of the property. Measurement of that excess or shortfall is
the best  predictor  and  determinant  of loss  compared to other  measures that
evaluate the efficiency of a particular farm operator.

     Loan-to-value  ratios depend upon the economic value of a property with due
regard for its income-producing  potential in the hands of a competent operator.
As required by Farmer  Mac's  collateral  valuation  standards,  an appraisal of
agricultural   real  estate  must  include  analysis  of  the  income  producing
capability  of the  property  and  address  the  income  estimate  in the market
analysis. Debt service ratios depend upon farm operator efficiency and leverage,
which  can vary  widely  within  a  geographic  region,  commodity  type,  or an
operator's business and farming skills.

     As of December 31, 2002, the weighted-average  original loan-to-value ratio
for  all  post-1996  Act  loans  and  loans  underlying  Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed
Securities  and  LTSPCs  was  49  percent,  and  the  weighted-average  original
loan-to-value ratio for all post-1996 Act non-performing assets was 59 percent.

     The following table summarizes the post-1996 Act  non-performing  assets by
original  loan-to-value ratio (calculated by dividing the loan principal balance
at the time of guarantee,  purchase or commitment by the appraised  value at the
date of loan origination or, when available, updated appraised value at the time
of guarantee, purchase or commitment):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

 Distribution of Post-1996 Act Non-performing
        Assets as of December 31, 2002
-----------------------------------------------
          (dollars in thousands)

                      Post-1996 Act
                      Non-performing
 Original LTV Ratio      Assets      Percentage
--------------------- ------------- ------------
 <S>                   <C>           <C>
   0.00% to 40.00%       $ 3,265        4%
  40.01% to 50.00%        14,289       19%
  50.01% to 60.00%        29,726       39%
  60.01% to 70.00%        25,792       34%
  70.01% to 80.00%         1,684        2%
  80.01% +                   552        2%
                      ------------  -----------
               Total     $ 75,308      100%
                      ------------  -----------
</TABLE>

     The following table presents  outstanding  loans held and loans  underlying
Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities  and LTSPCs,  post-1996  Act  non-performing
assets and  specific  allowances  for losses as of December  31, 2002 by year of
origination, geographic region and commodity.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         Farmer Mac I Post-1996 Act Non-performing Assets and Specific Allowance for Losses
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           Distribution of
                            Outstanding         Outstanding
                               Loans,              Loans            Post-1996 Act        Non-         Specific
                           Guarantees and      Guarantees and      Non-performing     Performing      Allowance
                               LTSCPs             LTSCPs              Assets (1)      Asset Rate      for Losses
                         ------------------- -----------------   ------------------  ------------   -------------
                                                            (dollars in thousands)

<S>                           <C>           <C>                    <C>                  <C>           <C>
 By year of origination:
  Before 1994                   14%            $ 696,326             $ 5,546             0.80%             $ -
  1994                           4%              171,407                 -               0.00%               -
  1995                           3%              155,668               3,098             1.99%               6
  1996                           7%              355,422              13,002             3.66%             286
  1997                           8%              386,658              16,619             4.30%              19
  1998                          15%              706,984              14,391             2.04%             967
  1999                          16%              745,006              12,529             1.68%             655
  2000                           9%              437,433               6,322             1.45%             101
  2001                          13%              626,738               3,597             0.57%               2
  2002                          11%              539,992                 204             0.04%               -
                         ------------------- -----------------   ------------------  ------------   -------------
 Total                         100%          $ 4,821,634            $ 75,308             1.56%         $ 2,036
                         ------------------- -----------------   ------------------  ------------   -------------
 By geographic region (2):
  Northwest                     24%          $ 1,167,331            $ 43,492             3.73%         $ 1,462
  Southwest                     47%            2,273,846              24,910             1.10%             491
  Mid-North                     11%              518,439                 552             0.11%               2
  Mid-South                      5%              233,997               1,397             0.60%              35
  Northeast                      6%              298,340               1,283             0.43%               6
  Southeast                      7%              329,681               3,674             1.11%              40
                         ------------------- -----------------   ------------------  ------------   -------------
 Total                         100%          $ 4,821,634            $ 75,308             1.56%         $ 2,036
                         ------------------- -----------------   ------------------  ------------   -------------
 By commodity:
  Crops                         43%          $ 2,085,963            $ 27,563             1.32%           $ 190
  Permanent plantings           28%            1,341,165              34,100             2.54%           1,739
  Livestock                     20%              987,533              11,013             1.12%               1
  Part-time farm                 8%              367,823               2,632             0.72%             106
  Other                          1%               39,150                   -             0.00%               -
                         ------------------- -----------------   ------------------  ------------   -------------
 Total                         100%          $ 4,821,634            $ 75,308             1.56%         $ 2,036
                         ------------------- -----------------   ------------------  ------------   -------------
<FN>
(1)  Includes loans 90 days or more past due, in foreclosure, restructured after
     delinquency,  in bankruptcy  (including loans performing under either their
     original loan terms or a court-approved  bankruptcy  plan), and real estate
     owned.


(2)  Geographic  regions -  Northwest  (AK,  ID, MT,  ND,  NE, OR, SD, WA,  WY);
     Southwest (AZ, CA, CO, HI, NM, NV, UT);  Mid-North (IA, IL, IN, MI, MN, MO,
     WI); Mid-South (KS, OK, TX); Northeast (CT, DE, KY, MA, MD, ME, NC, NH, NJ,
     NY, OH, PA, RI, TN, VA, VT, WV);  and  Southeast  (AL,  AR, FL, GA, LA, MS,
     SC).
</FN>
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

     The  following  table  presents  Farmer Mac's  cumulative  charge-offs  and
current  specific  allowances  relative to the  cumulative  original  purchased,
guaranteed  or LTSPC  principal  balances  for all  loans  purchased  and  loans
underlying  post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities  and LTSPCs.  This
information  is  presented  by  cohort  year  (origination  date  of the  loan),
geographic  region and commodity.  The purpose of this information is to present
information  regarding losses and collateral  deficiencies  relative to original
guarantees and commitments.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                  Farmer Mac I Post-1996 Act Charge-offs and Specific Allowance for Losses
                      Relative to all Cumulative Original Loans, Guarantees and LTSPCs
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                Cumulative                                              Combined
                               Cumulative     Original Loans,                        Current           Charge-off
                                   Net          Guarantees        Charge-off         Specific         and Specific
                               Charge-offs      and LTSPCs           Rate           Allowances       Allowance Rate
                             -------------- ------------------  -------------      ------------     ----------------
                                                              (dollars in thousands)

<S>                        <C>               <C>                    <C>             <C>                  <C>
 By year of origination:
  Before 1994                   $ -           $ 1,755,985            0.00%               $ -              0.00%
  1994                            -               317,183            0.00%                 -              0.00%
  1995                          200               289,198            0.07%                 6              0.07%
  1996                          808               559,664            0.14%               286              0.20%
  1997                        2,608               613,048            0.43%                19              0.43%
  1998                        2,203               954,125            0.23%               967              0.33%
  1999                          487               960,963            0.05%               655              0.12%
  2000                          250               561,533            0.04%               101              0.06%
  2001                            -               715,794            0.00%                 2              0.00%
  2002                            -               535,841            0.00%                 -              0.00%
                           -------------- ------------------    -------------      ------------     ----------------
 Total                      $ 6,556           $ 7,263,334            0.09%           $ 2,036              0.12%
                          --------------  ------------------                       ------------
 By geographic region (1):
  Northwest                 $ 3,108           $ 1,894,400            0.16%           $ 1,462              0.24%
  Southwest                   3,448             3,170,997            0.11%               491              0.12%
  Mid-North                       -               760,942            0.00%                 2              0.00%
  Mid-South                       -               326,403            0.00%                35              0.01%
  Northeast                       -               481,798            0.00%                 6              0.00%
  Southeast                       -               628,794            0.00%                40              0.01%
                         --------------  ------------------    -------------      ------------     ----------------
 Total                      $ 6,556           $ 7,263,334            0.09%           $ 2,036              0.12%
                         --------------  ------------------                       ------------
 By commodity:
  Crops                     $ 1,296           $ 3,109,356            0.04%             $ 190              0.05%
  Permanent plantings         4,613             2,041,034            0.23%             1,739              0.31%
  Livestock                     647             1,648,032            0.04%                 1              0.04%
  Part-time farm                  -               368,117            0.00%               106              0.03%
  Other                           -                96,795            0.00%                 -              0.00%
                         --------------  ------------------    -------------      ------------     ----------------
 Total                      $ 6,556           $ 7,263,334            0.09%           $ 2,036              0.12%
                         --------------  ------------------                       ------------
<FN>
(1)  Geographic  regions -  Northwest  (AK,  ID, MT,  ND,  NE, OR, SD, WA,  WY);
     Southwest (AZ, CA, CO, HI, NM, NV, UT);  Mid-North (IA, IL, IN, MI, MN, MO,
     WI); Mid-South (KS, OK, TX); Northeast (CT, DE, KY, MA, MD, ME, NC, NH, NJ,
     NY, OH, PA, RI, TN, VA, VT, WV);  and  Southeast  (AL,  AR, FL, GA, LA, MS,
     SC).
</FN>
</TABLE>


     An analysis  of Farmer  Mac's  historical  losses and  identified  specific
collateral  deficiencies  within the portfolio (by  origination  year) indicates
that  Farmer Mac has  experienced  peak loss  years as loans  have aged  between
approximately their third and fifth years subsequent to origination,  regardless
of the year the loans were added to the Farmer Mac's portfolio. As a consequence
of the combination of principal  amortization and collateral value appreciation,
there  are few  loans  in the  portfolio  originated  prior to 1996  with  known
collateral deficiencies.  While Farmer Mac expects that there will be loans that
have aged  past  their  fifth  year that will  become  delinquent  and  possibly
default, Farmer Mac does not anticipate significant losses on such loans.

     Analysis of the portfolio by its  geographic  distribution  indicates  that
losses and  collateral  deficiencies  have been and are  expected to remain most
prevalent in the loans concentrated in the areas that do not receive significant
government  support.  This analysis is consistent with  corresponding  commodity
analysis,  which  indicates  that  Farmer Mac has  experienced  higher  loss and
collateral deficiency rates in its loans classified as permanent plantings. Most
of the loans  classified  as  permanent  plantings  do not  receive  significant
government   support   and   are   therefore   more   susceptible   to   adverse
commodity-specific  economic trends.  Further,  as adverse  economic  conditions
persist for a particular commodity that requires a long-term  improvement on the
land, such as permanent  plantings,  the  prospective  sale value of the land is
likely to decrease and the related loans may become under-collateralized. Farmer
Mac  anticipates  that one or more  particular  commodity  groups  will be under
economic pressure at any one time and actively manages its portfolio to mitigate
concentration  risks while preserving Farmer Mac's ability to meet the financing
needs of all commodity groups.

     Farmer Mac's  methodologies  for pricing its guarantee and commitment fees,
managing credit risks and providing adequate  allowances for losses consider all
of the foregoing factors and information.

     Credit  Risk -  Institutional.  Farmer Mac is also  exposed to credit  risk
arising from its business  relationships  with other institutions  including:

     o    issuers of AgVantage bonds and other investments held by Farmer Mac;
     o    sellers and servicers; and
     o    interest rate contract counterparties.

AgVantage bonds are general obligations of the AgVantage Issuers and are secured
by collateral  in an amount  ranging from 120 percent to 150 percent of the bond
amount.  In addition to requiring  collateral,  Farmer Mac mitigates credit risk
related to AgVantage bonds by evaluating and monitoring the financial  condition
of the issuers of the AgVantage bonds. Outstanding AgVantage bonds totaled $28.6
million as of December 31, 2002, and $24.5 million as of December 31, 2001.

     Farmer Mac  manages  institutional  credit  risk  related  to  sellers  and
servicers by requiring  those  institutions  to meet Farmer Mac's  standards for
creditworthiness.   Farmer  Mac  monitors  the  financial   condition  of  those
institutions  by evaluating  financial  statements and bank credit rating agency
reports and confirms that they maintain  adequate  fidelity bonds and errors and
omissions  insurance.  For more information on Farmer Mac's approval of sellers,
see "Business--General--Sellers." Credit risk related to interest rate contracts
is  discussed  in  "--Risk  Management--Interest  Rate  Risk"  and Note 6 to the
consolidated financial statements.

     Credit  Risk -  Other  Investments.  The  credit  risk  inherent  in  other
investments  held by  Farmer  Mac is  mitigated  by  Farmer  Mac's  policies  of
investing in highly-rated  instruments and  establishing  concentration  limits,
which reduce exposure to any one  counterparty.  Farmer Mac's policies limit the
Corporation's total credit exposure,  including uncollateralized credit exposure
resulting from financial derivatives,  to a single entity by limiting the dollar
amount of investments  with each individual  entity to the greater of 25 percent
of Farmer Mac's regulatory core capital or $25 million. That limitation excludes
exposure to agencies of the U.S.  government,  government-sponsored  enterprises
and money market funds.  Farmer Mac policy also requires each individual  entity
to be  rated in one of the  three  highest  rating  categories  of at least  one
nationally recognized statistical rating organization for investments with terms
greater  than 270  days  and in one of the two  highest  rating  categories  for
investments with terms of 270 days or less.

     As of December 31, 2002,  Farmer Mac had  investments in commercial  paper,
corporate debt securities, asset-backed securities and preferred stock issued by
forty-three  entities  totaling  $830.4  million.  Farmer Mac's  investments  in
eighteen of these entities each exceeded 10 percent of Farmer Mac's core capital
(the cumulative balance of investments in such entities totaled $560.3 million),
and  investments  in two of these  entities  each  exceeded  15  percent of core
capital. In addition, as of December 31, 2002, Farmer Mac held $231.3 million of
securities  issued by  government-sponsored  enterprises or agencies of the U.S.
government  and $463.1  million in five money market  investment  accounts.  The
maximum  amount held in any one money  market fund  investment  fund at any time
during 2002 was  approximately  $272.0  million.  As of December  31,  2002,  56
percent of the investment portfolio, excluding  government-sponsored  enterprise
and agency investments, consisted of short-term highly liquid investments.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

     Farmer Mac has  sufficient  liquidity and capital  resources to support its
operations for the next twelve months.

     Debt Issuance.  Section 8.6(e) of Farmer Mac's statutory charter (12 U.S.C.
ss.  2279aa-6(e))  authorizes  Farmer Mac to issue debt  obligations to purchase
eligible  mortgage  loans and Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities and to maintain
reasonable amounts for business operations, including adequate liquidity. Farmer
Mac funds its program purchases primarily by issuing debt obligations of various
maturities in the public capital markets.  Farmer Mac's debt obligations consist
of discount notes and  medium-term  notes issued to obtain funds  principally to
cover the costs of purchasing and holding loans and securities (including Farmer
Mac  Guaranteed   Securities).   Farmer  Mac  also  issues  discount  notes  and
medium-term  notes to  obtain  funds  for  investments,  transaction  costs  and
guarantee payments.  The Corporation's  discount notes and medium-term notes are
obligations  of Farmer  Mac only,  are not rated by any  rating  agency  and the
interest and principal thereon are not guaranteed by and do not constitute debts
or  obligations  of the Farm Credit  Administration  or the United States or any
agency or instrumentality of the United States other than Farmer Mac. Farmer Mac
is an institution  of the Farm Credit System,  but is not liable for any debt or
obligation of any other institution of the Farm Credit System. Likewise, neither
the Farm Credit System nor any other  individual  institution of the Farm Credit
System is liable for any debt or obligation of Farmer Mac.  Federal law does not
exempt  income on a Farmer Mac discount note or  medium-term  note from federal,
state or local taxation.

     Effective June 6, 2002,  Farmer Mac's board of directors has authorized the
issuance of up to $5.0 billion of discount notes and medium-term notes (of which
$3.9  billion was  outstanding  as of December  31,  2002),  subject to periodic
review  of the  adequacy  of that  level  relative  to  Farmer  Mac's  borrowing
requirements. Farmer Mac invests the proceeds of such issuances in loans, Farmer
Mac Guaranteed  Securities and non-program  investment assets in accordance with
guidelines established by its board of directors.

     Liquidity.  The  funding  and  liquidity  needs of  Farmer  Mac's  business
programs  are  driven by the  purchase  and  retention  of loans and  Farmer Mac
Guaranteed  Securities,  the  maturities  of  Farmer  Mac's  discount  notes and
medium-term notes and payment of principal and interest on Farmer Mac Guaranteed
Securities. Farmer Mac's primary sources of funds to meet these needs are:

          o    principal  and  interest   payments  and  ongoing  guarantee  and
               commitment   fees  received  on  loans,   Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed
               Securities and LTSPCs; and
          o    the issuance of new discount notes and medium-term notes.

     Farmer Mac  projects  its  expected  cash flows from loans and  securities,
other earnings and the sale of assets and matches those with its  obligations to
retire  debt and pay  other  liabilities  as they come due.  Farmer  Mac  issues
discount  notes  and  medium-term  notes to meet the needs  associated  with its
business operations,  including liquidity,  and also to increase its presence in
the capital markets in order to enhance the liquidity and pricing  efficiency of
its discount notes and  medium-term  notes and Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities
transactions  and so improve the mortgage rates  available to farmers,  ranchers
and rural  homeowners.  Though Farmer Mac's mortgage  purchases do not currently
necessitate daily debt issuance, the Corporation continued its strategy of using
its  non-program  investment  portfolio  (referred to as Farmer Mac's  liquidity
portfolio) to facilitate  increasing its ongoing presence in the capital markets
during 2002. To meet investor demand for daily presence in the capital  markets,
Farmer  Mac  issues  discount  notes  in  maturities  ranging  from  one  day to
approximately  90 days and invests  the  proceeds  not needed for program  asset
purchases in highly-rated  securities.  Investments are predominantly short-term
money market  securities  with  maturities  closely matched to the discount note
maturities and  floating-rate  securities with reset terms of less than one year
and closely matched to the maturity of the discount  notes.  The positive spread
earned from these investments enhances the net interest income Farmer Mac earns,
thereby improving the net yields at which Farmer Mac can purchase mortgages from
lenders who may pass that  benefit to  farmers,  ranchers  and rural  homeowners
through  the  Farmer  Mac   programs.   Subject  to  dollar   limitations,   the
Corporation's board of directors has authorized non-program investments in:

          o    U.S. Treasury obligations;
          o    agency and instrumentality obligations;
          o    repurchase agreements;
          o    commercial paper;
          o    guaranteed investment contracts;
          o    certificates of deposit;
          o    federal funds and bankers acceptances;
          o    certain   securities  and  debt   obligations  of  corporate  and
               municipal issuers;
          o    asset-backed securities;
          o    corporate money market funds; and
          o    preferred stock of government-sponsored enterprises.

As of  December  31,  2002,  Farmer  Mac  was  in  compliance  with  the  dollar
limitations   and  investment   authorizations   set  forth  in  its  investment
guidelines.

<PAGE>

     The following  table presents  Farmer Mac's five largest  investments as of
December 31, 2002:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Security
                                                                      Credit          Recorded       Percent of
          Investment                         Issuer                   Rating         Investment     Core Capital
-------------------------------   -----------------------------   ---------------  ---------------  --------------
                                                    (dollars in thousands)
<S>                               <C>                             <C>               <C>                 <C>
 Dreyfus Cash Management           Dreyfus Corp.                       N/A*          $ 137,874           74.9%
     and Institutional Shares
 Citi Institutional Liquid         Citigroup Inc.                      N/A*            103,172           56.0%
     Reserve Class A
 Federated Prime Value             Federated Group Inc.                N/A*            100,297           54.5%
     Obligations Fund
 Merrill Lynch Premier             Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.           N/A*             95,723           52.0%
     Institutional Fund
 Preferred Stock                   CoBank                          not rated **         93,183           50.6%

      * These money market funds are not rated, but invest in short-term, high quality money market securities and
         conform to Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940.
     ** CoBank is an institution of the Farm Credit System, a government-sponsored enterprise.
</TABLE>


     As a result  of  Farmer  Mac's  regular  issuance  of  discount  notes  and
medium-term notes and its status as a federally chartered instrumentality of the
United  States,  Farmer  Mac has been  able to access  the  capital  markets  at
favorable  rates.  Throughout  the recent  period of inaccurate  and  misleading
publicity about the Corporation,  Farmer Mac has maintained regular daily access
to the  discount  note market at rates  comparable  to the  issuance and trading
levels of other  government-sponsored  enterprise  discount notes.  Farmer Mac's
continued  ability to access the discount  note market at such  favorable  rates
could be affected by continued  inaccurate and misleading publicity about Farmer
Mac or unusual  trading in its  securities.  Farmer Mac  believes  such  factors
caused spread levels in secondary market trading of its outstanding  medium-term
notes to widen during second quarter 2002.  Although  those spreads  appeared to
improve  in the  second  half  of  2002  and  Farmer  Mac  returned  to  issuing
medium-term  notes on a limited basis at favorable  issuance  spreads during the
second half of 2002, the foregoing factors could affect future  medium-term note
issuance  spreads  adversely  and cause  Farmer  Mac to  continue  to  emphasize
floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps, combined with discount note issuances, as
a source of fixed-rate  funding.  While the swap market provides favorable fixed
rates, swap transactions expose Farmer Mac to the risk of future widening of its
own issuance  spreads versus  corresponding  LIBOR rates.  If the spreads on the
Farmer Mac discount notes were to increase  relative to LIBOR,  Farmer Mac would
be exposed to a commensurate reduction on its net interest yield on the notional
amount of its  floating-to-fixed  interest  rate  swaps  and  other  LIBOR-based
floating  rate  assets.  Farmer Mac  compensates  for this risk by  pricing  the
required  net yield on program  asset  purchases  to reflect  the higher cost of
medium-term  notes  issuance  without  regard  to the  savings  achieved  in the
interest rate swap market.

     Farmer Mac maintains an investment  portfolio of cash and cash  equivalents
(including  commercial paper and other short-term money market  instruments) and
investment securities consisting mostly of floating rate securities that reprice
within one year, which can be drawn upon for liquidity needs. As of December 31,
2002, Farmer Mac's cash and cash equivalents and investment  securities  totaled
$723.8 million and $830.4 million,  respectively, a combined 37 percent of total
assets. For 2002, exclusive of daily overnight discount note issuances that were
invested  overnight,  the average  discount note  issuance  term and  re-funding
frequency was approximately 76.3 days.

     The  principal   sources  of  funding  for  the  payment  of  Farmer  Mac's
obligations  under its guarantees and LTSPCs are the fees for its guarantees and
commitments,  net interest income and the proceeds of debt issuance.  Farmer Mac
satisfies  its  guarantee  and purchase  commitment  obligations  by  purchasing
defaulted  loans  out of LTSPCs  and from the  related  trusts  for  Farmer  Mac
Guaranteed  Securities.  Farmer Mac typically recovers a significant  portion of
the value of defaulted loans purchased  either through borrower  payments,  loan
payoffs,  payments  by third  parties  or  foreclosure  and sale.  Farmer  Mac's
liquidity  position and ready access to the debt markets also provide additional
flexibility to meet liquidity needs that result from the  uncertainty  regarding
the timing and amount of required  purchases of loans  underlying  either Farmer
Mac Guaranteed Securities or LTSPCs, should significantly more loans be required
to be purchased than in prior periods.

     Capital  Requirements.  The Act,  as amended  by the 1996 Act,  establishes
three capital standards for Farmer  Mac--minimum,  critical and risk-based.  The
minimum  capital  requirement  is expressed as a percentage of on-balance  sheet
assets and off-balance sheet obligations,  with the critical capital requirement
equal to one-half of the minimum  capital  amount.  Higher  minimum and critical
capital  requirements  were phased in over a transition  period,  which ended on
January 1, 1999,  when the highest level of minimum  capital became  applicable.
The Act does not specify the required  level of risk-based  capital.  It directs
FCA to  establish a  risk-based  capital  test for Farmer Mac,  using  specified
stress-test parameters.  For a discussion of risk-based capital, see "Government
Regulation of Farmer Mac--Regulation--Capital Standards--Risk-based capital."

     Certain  enforcement  powers are given to FCA  depending  upon Farmer Mac's
compliance  with the capital  standards.  See  "Government  Regulation of Farmer
Mac--Regulation--Capital Standards--Enforcement levels." As of December 31, 2002
and 2001, Farmer Mac was classified as within "level I" (the highest  compliance
level). The following table sets forth Farmer Mac's minimum capital  requirement
as of December 31, 2002 and 2001 based on the fully phased-in requirements.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                       December 31, 2002                         December 31, 2001
                                           ----------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
                                                                          Capital                                  Capital
                                               Amount         Ratio       Required       Amount         Ratio      Required
                                           -------------- ------------ ------------- ---------------  ----------- ------------
                                                                          (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                        <C>               <C>        <C>          <C>               <C>        <C>
 On-balance sheet assets as defined for
   determining statutory minimum capital    $4,126,719        2.75%      $113,485     $3,380,157        2.75%      $92,954
 Outstanding balance of Farmer Mac
   Guaranteed Securities held by others
   and LTSPCs                                3,048,289        0.75%        22,862      2,329,879        0.75%       17,474
 Derivative and hedging obligations             93,997        0.75%           705         20,762        0.75%          156
                                                                       -------------                             ------------
 Minimum capital level                                                     137,052                                  110,584
 Actual core capital                                                       183,978                                  126,042
                                                                       -------------                             ------------
 Capital surplus                                                          $ 46,926                                  $15,458
                                                                       -------------                             ------------
</TABLE>

     Based on the current minimum capital  requirements  established in the 1996
Act,  Farmer  Mac's  current  capital  surplus of $46.9  million  would  support
additional  guarantee  growth in amounts ranging from $1.7 billion of on-balance
sheet  guarantees  to more than $6.2 billion of  off-balance  sheet  guarantees.
Furthermore, should Farmer Mac deem it appropriate, on-balance sheet non-program
assets (cash and cash  equivalents  and  investment  securities) of $1.6 billion
could be replaced with on- and off-balance sheet program  guarantees,  resulting
in the  ability to carry  additional  guarantees  ranging  from $1.6  billion of
on-balance  sheet   guarantees  to  over  $5.7  billion  of  off-balance   sheet
guarantees. Ultimately, Farmer Mac could sell on-balance sheet program assets of
$2.6 billion in order to support further  increases of on- and off-balance sheet
program guarantees,  resulting in the ability to carry an additional  cumulative
$15.2 billion of off-balance sheet guarantees.  Any of these transactions would,
of course,  be evaluated  to optimize  Farmer Mac's return on equity and capital
flexibility.   Accordingly,  in  the  opinion  of  management,  Farmer  Mac  has
sufficient capital and liquidity for the next twelve months.

     Contractual  Commitments,  Contingent  Liabilities  and  Off-Balance  Sheet
Arrangements.  The following table presents Farmer Mac's  significant  fixed and
determinable  contractual  obligations  by payment date as of December 31, 2002.
The payment amounts  represent those amounts  contractually due to the recipient
and do not  include  any  unamortized  premiums or  discounts  or other  similar
carrying value adjustments.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 One Year          One to         Three to       Over Five
                                  or Less        Three Years     Five Years        Years          Total
                               --------------  ----------------  ------------   ------------  --------------
                                                                (in thousands)
<S>                          <C>                   <C>           <C>            <C>         <C>
 Discount notes               $ 2,781,577               $ -           $ -            $ -     $ 2,781,577
 Medium-term notes                179,479           502,016       274,752        463,607       1,419,854
 Minimum lease payments               531             1,103         1,159          2,498           5,291
</TABLE>

For more information  regarding discount notes and medium-term notes, see Note 7
to the consolidated financial statements. For more information regarding minimum
lease payments, see Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.

     Farmer Mac enters into financial derivative contracts under which it either
receives cash from counterparties, or is required to pay cash to them, depending
on  changes  in  interest  rates.  Financial  derivatives  are  carried  on  the
consolidated balance sheet at fair value,  representing the net present value of
expected  future cash payments or receipts based on market  interest rates as of
the balance sheet date. The fair values of the contracts  change daily as market
interest rates change.  Because the financial derivative liabilities recorded on
the  consolidated  balance  sheet as of December 31, 2002 do not  represent  the
amounts that may  ultimately be paid under the financial  derivative  contracts,
those  liabilities  are not  included  in the table of  contractual  obligations
presented above. Further information regarding financial derivatives is included
in Note 2(h) and Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.


     In  conducting  its  loan  purchase  activities,  Farmer  Mac  enters  into
mandatory and optional delivery commitments to purchase  agricultural  mortgages
and  corresponding   optional  commitments  to  deliver  Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed
Securities.  In  conducting  its  LTSPC  activities,   Farmer  Mac  enters  into
arrangements whereby it commits to buy agricultural mortgages at an undetermined
future date. The following table presents these significant commitments.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                              As of
                         December 31, 2002
                       ---------------------
                           (in thousands)
<S>                        <C>
 Mandatory commitments to
    purchase loans and
    USDA-guaranteed portions $ 21,700
 Optional commitments to
    purchase loans              4,478
 Optional commitments to
     deliver Farmer Mac
     Guaranteed Securities      4,478
 LTSPCs                     2,681,240
</TABLE>

Further information regarding commitments to purchase and sell loans is included
in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.

     Farmer  Mac  also may have  liabilities  that  arise  from its  Farmer  Mac
Guaranteed  Securities.  Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  are issued  through
trusts and, when sold to third-party investors, accordingly, are not included in
the consolidated balance sheets. In performing its obligations related to LTSPCs
and Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities, Farmer Mac would have the right to enforce
the  underlying  agricultural  mortgage  loans,  and in the event of the default
under the terms of those loans, would have access to the underlying collateral.

     The  following  table  presents  the  balance  of  outstanding  LTSPCs  and
off-balance  sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities as of December 31, 2002 and
2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                  Outstanding Balance of LTSPCs and
           Off-Balance Sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                As of December 31,
                                       ----------------------------------
                                             2002              2001
                                       -----------------  ---------------
                                                  (in thousands)
<S>                                        <C>              <C>
 Farmer Mac I:
   Post-1996 Act obligations:
    Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities        $ 299,940        $ 366,749
    LTSPCs                                    2,681,240        1,884,260
                                       -----------------  ---------------
     Total Post-1996 Act obligations          2,981,180        2,251,009
   Pre-1996 Act Farmer Mac I
    Guaranteed Securities                             -              461
                                       -----------------  ---------------
     Total Farmer Mac I                       2,981,180        2,251,470
 Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities             67,109           78,409
                                       -----------------  ---------------
     Total Farmer Mac I and II              $ 3,048,289      $ 2,329,879
                                       -----------------  ---------------
</TABLE>

     See  Note  2(c),  Note  2(e)  and  Note  5 to  the  consolidated  financial
statements for more  information  on Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities and Note
2(o) and Note 12 to the consolidated  financial  statements for more information
on LTSPCs.

Other Matters

     New Accounting Standards. In April 2002, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board  ("FASB")  issued  Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards  No. 145,
Rescission of FASB Statements No. 4, 44 and 64,  Amendment of FASB Statement No.
13 and  Technical  Corrections  which is effective  January 1, 2003 and requires
gains and losses from the  extinguishment or repurchase of debt to be classified
as extraordinary items only if they meet the criteria for such classification in
Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30, Reporting the Results of Operations,
Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a Segment of a Business and  Extraordinary,
Unusual and  Infrequently  Occurring Events and  Transactions.  Until January 1,
2003,  gains and losses from the  extinguishment  or  repurchase of debt must be
classified as  extraordinary  items.  Subsequent to January 1, 2003, any gain or
loss resulting from the  extinguishment  or repurchase of debt  classified as an
extraordinary  item in a prior  period that does not meet the  criteria for such
classification  under  Accounting  Principles  Board  Opinion  No.  30  must  be
reclassified.

     In  December  2002,  the FASB  issued  Statement  of  Financial  Accounting
Standards  No.148,  Accounting  for  Stock-Based   Compensation-Transition   and
Disclosure ("SFAS 148"),  which provides  alternative  transition  methods for a
voluntary  change to the fair value based method of accounting  for  stock-based
employee  compensation  and amends the disclosure  requirements  of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation,
to  require  prominent  disclosures  in  both  annual  and  quarterly  financial
statements of the method of accounting for stock-based employee compensation and
the effect of the method  used on reported  results.  Farmer Mac has not changed
the way it accounts  for  stock-based  employee  compensation;  however,  it has
adopted the disclosure provisions of SFAS 148.

     In  December  2002,  the FASB  issued  Interpretation  No. 45,  Guarantor's
Accounting  and  Disclosure  Requirements  for  Guarantees,  Including  Indirect
Guarantees  of  Indebtedness  of Others  ("FIN 45") which  requires a company to
disclose many of the guarantees or indemnification agreements it issues, some of
which are required to be recorded as a liability in the  company's  consolidated
balance  sheet  at the  time it  enters  into  the  guarantee.  FIN 45  requires
disclosures  beginning in interim and year-end financial statements ending after
December  15,  2002.  Farmer Mac has  adopted  the  disclosure  provisions.  The
liability  recognition   provisions  apply  to  guarantees  issued  or  modified
beginning January 1, 2003. Farmer Mac is currently  evaluating the impact of the
adoption of the liability recognition provision of FIN 45.

     In January 2003, the FASB issued  Interpretation  No. 46,  Consolidation of
Variable  Interest  Entities - an  interpretation  of ARB No. 51 ("FIN 46") that
addresses the consolidation of variable interest entities ("VIEs"). Generally, a
VIE is a corporation,  partnership,  trust or any other legal structure used for
business  purposes  that either (1) does not have equity  investors  with voting
rights or (2) has equity  investors  that do not  provide  sufficient  financial
resources for the entity to support its activities.  A VIE often holds financial
assets and may be passive or it may engage in such  activities  as research  and
development or other  activities on behalf of another  company.  FIN 46 requires
that a VIE be consolidated by a company if that company is subject to a majority
of the  VIE's  risk of loss or  entitled  to  receive  a  majority  of the VIE's
residual  returns or both. A company that  consolidates  a VIE is referred to as
the primary beneficiary of that entity.

     The consolidation  requirements of FIN 46 apply immediately to VIEs created
after January 31, 2003. The consolidation  requirements  apply to older entities
in the first  fiscal  year or interim  period  beginning  after  June 15,  2003.
Certain of the disclosure  requirements apply in all financial statements issued
after January 31, 2003  regardless of when the VIE was  established.  Farmer Mac
does not  believe  the  adoption  of FIN 46 will have a  material  impact on its
consolidated financial position or results of operations.

     In  September  of 2002,  the EITF  reached a consensus on a portion of EITF
02-9. The consensus  applies to loan  transfers  that were initially  treated as
sales and are  recorded as a  "re-purchase"  when the  transferor  has  regained
effective  control  over  the  loan.  The  consensus  indicates  that  under  no
circumstances  should an allowance  for losses be initially  recorded  when such
loans  have been  recorded  as a  "re-purchase"  on the  transferor's  financial
statements.  Farmer Mac has adopted the consensus, which applies to transactions
recorded after September 12, 2002.

     GAO  Analysis.  On June 26,  2002,  the Senate  Committee  on  Agriculture,
Nutrition,  and  Forestry  requested  that the U.S.  General  Accounting  Office
("GAO") conduct an independent analysis of a number of issues relating to Farmer
Mac.  The  Committee  made this  request of the GAO in  response  to  misleading
reports and speculation  about Farmer Mac produced by certain hedge funds acting
as "short  sellers," who stood to gain if the price of Farmer Mac securities was
depressed,  and in  concurrent  articles  by a reporter  for a major  newspaper.
Farmer Mac made it clear that those  reports and articles  were  inaccurate  and
misleading and welcomed the independent analysis by the GAO as an opportunity to
confirm  that Farmer Mac  continues  to fulfill its  Congressionally-established
mission in a financially safe and sound manner.

     The GAO report  was  requested  by the  Committee  specifically  to address
Farmer Mac's financial stability;  corporate governance;  compensation policies;
investment  practices;  the  non-voting  status of Farmer  Mac's  Class C common
stock; and the fulfillment of Farmer Mac's Congressionally-established mission.

     Farmer Mac is confident  that the GAO's analysis will confirm its integrity
and  financial  stability,  as  presented in its public  financial  disclosures.
Farmer  Mac  expects  the GAO  report  will  show that it is  appropriately  and
effectively  fulfilling  its mission to increase  the  availability  of borrower
credit at stable  rates,  enhance  lender  liquidity  and lending  capacity  and
provide capital markets funding in the  agricultural  sector of the U.S. economy
for  the  benefit  of U.S.  farmers,  ranchers  and  rural  homeowners,  lenders
participating in Farmer Mac programs and the investing public.

     Farmer Mac looks forward to the GAO report as an  opportunity to remove the
confusion that has been cast over it, so that it may continue its  Congressional
mission for agricultural borrowers and the lenders who serve them.

Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

     Farmer Mac is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates. Farmer
Mac manages this market risk by entering  into various  financial  transactions,
including  financial  derivatives,  and by monitoring its exposure to changes in
interest rates. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and  Results  of  Operations--Risk  Management--Interest  Rate  Risk"  for  more
information  about Farmer Mac's exposure to interest rate risk and strategies to
manage such risk. For information  regarding  Farmer Mac's use of and accounting
policies for financial derivatives, see Note 2(h) and Note 6 to the consolidated
financial statements.

<PAGE>

Item 8.     Financial Statements

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To The Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation:

We have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheet of the Federal
Agricultural  Mortgage  Corporation and subsidiary ("Farmer Mac") as of December
31, 2002,  and the related  consolidated  statements of  operations,  changes in
stockholders'  equity,  and cash flows for the year then ended.  These financial
statements are the responsibility of Farmer Mac's management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on the 2002  financial  statements  based on our audit.
The  financial  statements  as of December 31, 2001 and for each of the years in
the two-year period then ended, before the reclassifications discussed in Note 2
to the  financial  statements,  were  audited by other  auditors who have ceased
operations.  Those auditors  expressed an unqualified  opinion dated January 23,
2002, which included an explanatory  paragraph  regarding Farmer Mac's change in
its method of accounting for financial  derivatives on January 1, 2001, on those
financial statements.

We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards  generally accepted
in the  United  States of  America.  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audit  provides  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion,  the 2002 consolidated  financial  statements present fairly, in
all  material  respects,  the  financial  position of the  Federal  Agricultural
Mortgage  Corporation and subsidiary as of December 31, 2002, and the results of
their  operations  and their cash flows for the year then ended,  in  conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

As  discussed  above,  the  financial  statements  of the  Federal  Agricultural
Mortgage  Corporation  and  subsidiary as of December 31, 2001,  and for the two
years in the period then ended,  were audited by other  auditors who have ceased
operations.  As described in Note 2, certain  reclassifications  of the 2001 and
2000  financial  statements  were made to conform to the 2002  presentation.  We
audited the reclassifications  described in Note 2 that were made to conform the
2001 and 2000 financial statements to the current period presentation. Our audit
procedures with respect to the 2001 and 2000  reclassifications  as described in
Note 2 included (1) comparing the amounts shown as the allowance for loan losses
and the reserve for losses in Farmer Mac's  consolidated  balance  sheet and the
amounts  shown as the  provision for loan losses and the provision for losses in
Farmer Mac's  statement of  operations  to Farmer  Mac's  underlying  accounting
analysis  obtained from management,  (2) on a test basis,  comparing the amounts
comprising the allowance for loan losses,  the reserve for losses, the provision
for loan  losses  and the  provision  for losses  obtained  from  management  to
supporting  documentation,  and (3)  testing  the  mathematical  accuracy of the
underlying analyses. In our opinion, such  reclassifications are appropriate and
have been properly applied.  However,  we were not engaged to audit,  review, or
apply any  procedures  to the 2001 and 2000  financial  statements of Farmer Mac
other than with respect to such  reclassifications  and, accordingly,  we do not
express an opinion or any other form of assurance on the 2001 and 2000 financial
statements taken as a whole.

Deloitte & Touche LLP


McLean, Virginia
January 23, 2003

<PAGE>

The report of Arthur  Andersen  LLP below is a copy of their  previously  issued
report  contained in Farmer Mac's Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December  31,  2001.  Arthur  Andersen  LLP has  ceased  operations  and has not
reissued its report in connection with this Form 10-K.

                                  * * * * *

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation:

We have  audited the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets of the Federal
Agricultural Mortgage Corporation ("Farmer Mac") and subsidiaries as of December
31,  2001 and 2000,  and the  related  consolidated  statements  of  operations,
changes in stockholders'  equity,  and cash flows for each of the three years in
the  period  ended  December  31,  2001.  These  financial  statements  are  the
responsibility of Farmer Mac's management.  Our  responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial  statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial  statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by  management,  as well as  evaluating  the  overall  financial  statement
presentation.  We believe  that our audits  provide a  reasonable  basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects,  the financial position of Farmer Mac and subsidiaries as
of December  31, 2001 and 2000,  and the results of their  operations  and their
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2001, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.

As  discussed  in Note 2 to the  consolidated  financial  statements,  effective
January 1, 2001,  Farmer Mac  changed  its method of  accounting  for  financial
derivatives.

Arthur Andersen LLP



Vienna, VA
January 23, 2002


<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                         FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY
                                       CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


                                                                          December 31,
                                                               ------------------------------------
                                                                     2002               2001
                                                               -----------------  -----------------
                                                                         (in thousands)
<S>                                                             <C>                <C>
 Assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                       $ 723,800          $ 437,831
   Investment securities                                             830,409          1,007,954
   Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities                                1,608,507          1,690,376
   Loans                                                             966,123            199,355
    Allowance for loan losses                                         (2,662)            (1,352)
                                                               -----------------  -----------------
     Loans, net                                                      963,461            198,003
  Real estate owned (net of valuation allowance                        5,031              2,457
     of $0.6 million and zero)
   Financial derivatives                                                 317                 15
   Interest receivable                                                65,276             56,253
   Guarantee and commitment fees receivable                            5,938              6,004
   Deferred tax asset                                                  9,666              1,866
   Prepaid expenses and other assets                                  10,510             15,097
                                                               -----------------  -----------------
     Total Assets                                                $ 4,222,915        $ 3,415,856
                                                               -----------------  -----------------
 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity:
 Liabilities:
   Notes payable:
    Due within one year                                          $ 2,895,746        $ 2,233,267
    Due after one year                                               985,318            968,463
                                                               -----------------  -----------------
     Total notes payable                                           3,881,064          3,201,730

   Financial derivatives                                              94,314             20,762
   Accrued interest payable                                           29,756             26,358
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses                              17,453             18,037
   Reserve for losses                                                 16,757             14,532
                                                               -----------------  -----------------
     Total Liabilities                                             4,039,344          3,281,419
                                                               -----------------  -----------------
 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 12)

 Stockholders' Equity:
   Preferred stock:
    Series A, stated at redemption/liquidation value,
     $50 per share, 700,000 shares authorized, issued
     and outstanding as of December 31, 2002                          35,000                  -
   Common stock:
    Class A Voting, $1 par value, no maximum authorization,
     1,030,780 shares issued and outstanding                           1,031              1,031
    Class B Voting, $1 par value, no maximum authorization,
     500,301 shares issued and outstanding                               500                500
    Class C Non-Voting, $1 par value, no maximum authorization,
     10,106,903 and 10,033,037 shares issued and outstanding
     as of December 31, 2002 and 2001, respectively                   10,107             10,033
   Additional paid-in capital                                         82,527             80,960
   Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)                        (407)             8,395
   Retained earnings                                                  54,813             33,518
                                                               -----------------  -----------------
     Total Stockholders' Equity                                      183,571            134,437
                                                               -----------------  -----------------

   Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity                    $ 4,222,915        $ 3,415,856
                                                               -----------------  -----------------


                          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY
                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS




                                                                 For Year Ended December 31,
                                                       ------------------------------------------------
                                                            2002             2001            2000
                                                       ---------------  ---------------  --------------
                                                          (in thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                                                      <C>              <C>             <C>
 Interest income:
   Investments and cash equivalents                       $ 40,799         $ 65,334        $ 91,905
   Farmer Mac guaranteed securities                         89,736          110,169         100,649
   Loans                                                    39,505            5,710           2,866
                                                       ---------------  ---------------  --------------
    Total interest income                                  170,040          181,213         195,420
 Interest expense                                          135,014          154,274         177,722
                                                       ---------------  ---------------  --------------
 Net interest income                                        35,026           26,939          17,698
 Provision for loan losses                                  (1,340)            (600)           (300)
                                                       ---------------  ---------------  --------------
 Net interest income after provision for loan losses        33,686           26,339          17,398
 Losses on financial derivatives
 and trading assets                                         (4,359)            (726)              -
 Other income:
   Guarantee and commitment fees                            19,277           15,807          11,677
   Miscellaneous                                             1,332              560             399
                                                       ---------------  ---------------  --------------
    Total other income                                      20,609           16,367          12,076
                                                       ---------------  ---------------  --------------
    Total revenues                                          49,936           41,980          29,474
                                                       ---------------  ---------------  --------------
 Expenses:
   Compensation and employee benefits                        5,142            5,601           4,521
   Provision for losses                                      6,883            6,125           4,439
   Regulatory fees                                           1,172              735             584
   General and administrative                                5,547            4,094           3,744
                                                       ---------------  ---------------  --------------
    Total operating expenses                                18,744           16,555          13,288
                                                       ---------------  ---------------  --------------
 Income before income taxes                                 31,192           25,425          16,186
 Income tax expense                                          9,330            8,419           5,749
                                                       ---------------  ---------------  --------------
 Net income before cumulative effect
   of change in accounting principles and
   extraordinary gain                                       21,862           17,006          10,437
 Cumulative effect of change
   in accounting principles, net of taxes                        -             (726)              -
 Extraordinary gain, net of taxes of $479                      889                -               -
                                                       ---------------  ---------------  --------------
 Net income                                                 22,751           16,280          10,437
 Preferred stock dividends                                  (1,456)               -               -
                                                       ---------------  ---------------  --------------
 Net income available to common stockholders              $ 21,295         $ 16,280        $ 10,437
                                                       ---------------  ---------------  --------------
 Earnings per share:
    Basic net earnings                                      $ 1.83           $ 1.44          $ 0.94
    Diluted net earnings                                    $ 1.77           $ 1.38          $ 0.92
 Earnings per share before cumulative
   effect of change in accounting principles
   and extraordinary gain:
    Basic earnings per share                                $ 1.76           $ 1.50          $ 0.94
    Diluted earnings per share                              $ 1.69           $ 1.45          $ 0.92

                     See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY
                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY


                                                                                              Accumulated
                                                                                                 Other
                                                                         Additional Paid-    Comprehensive     Retained
                                        Common Stock   Preferred Stock     in Capital       Income/(Loss)      Earnings    Total
                                       -------------- ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ---------- ----------
                                                                               (in thousands)
<S>                                     <C>              <C>              <C>                 <C>            <C>         <C>
 Balance, January 1, 2000                $ 10,902         $ -              $ 71,097            $ (1,657)      $ 6,801     $ 87,143

  Net income                                                                                                   10,437       10,437
  Change in unrealized gain/loss
   on securities available-for-sale,
    net of taxes of $18.2 million                                                                33,155                     33,155
                                                                                                                          ---------
  Comprehensive income                                                                                                      43,592
  Issuance of class C
   common stock                               250                             1,676                                          1,926
                                       -------------- ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ---------- ----------
 Balance, December 31, 2000              $ 11,152         $ -              $ 72,773             $ 31,498     $ 17,238     $132,661
                                       -------------- ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ---------- ----------
  Net income                                                                                                   16,280       16,280
  Change in unrealized gain/loss
    on securities available-for-sale,
    net of taxes of $4.2 million                                                                 (7,601)                   (7,601)
  Cumulative effect of change in
    accounting principles,
    net of taxes of $4.8 million                                                                  (8,632)                   (8,632)
  Change in unrealized gain/loss
    on financial derivatives,
    net of taxes of $3.7 million                                                                  (6,870)                   (6,870)
                                                                                                                          ---------
  Comprehensive loss                                                                                                        (6,823)
  Issuance of class C
   common stock                               412                             8,187                                          8,599
                                       -------------- ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ---------- ----------
 Balance, December 31, 2001              $ 11,564         $ -              $ 80,960              $ 8,395      $ 33,518    $134,437
                                       -------------- ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ---------- ----------

  Net Income                                                                                                    22,751      22,751
  Preferred stock dividends                                                                                     (1,456)     (1,456)
  Change in unrealized gain/loss
    on securities available-for-sale,
    net of taxes of $20.7 million                                                                 38,423                    38,423
  Change in unrealized gain/loss
    on financial derivatives,
    net of taxes of $25.4 million                                                                (47,225)                  (47,225)
                                                                                                                         ----------
  Comprehensive income                                                                                                      12,493
  Issuance of class C
   common stock                                74                             1,900                                          1,974
  Issuance of preferred stock                               35,000             (333)                                        34,667
                                       -------------- ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ---------- ----------
 Balance, December 31, 2002              $ 11,638         $ 35,000         $ 82,527               $ (407)     $ 54,813    $183,571
                                       -------------- ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ---------- ----------

                                  See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY
                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


                                                                                 Year ended December 31,
                                                                  ------------------------------------------------------
                                                                         2002              2001               2000
                                                                  -----------------  ----------------  -----------------
                                                                                     (in thousands)
<S>                                                                <C>              <C>                 <C>
 Cash flows from operating activities:
   Net income                                                          $ 22,751          $ 16,280           $ 10,437
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
    operating activities:
    Net amortization of investment premiums and discounts                   743            (7,885)             1,269
    Amortization of debt premiums, discounts and issuance costs          46,859            89,131            126,653
    Proceeds from repayment of trading investment securities            (34,029)          (21,717)                 -
    Mark-to-market on trading securities and derivatives                  4,359              (202)                 -
    Amortization of settled financial derivatives contracts               1,111               461                  -
    Extraordinary gain on debt repurchases                                  889                 -                  -
    Provision for losses                                                  8,223             6,725              4,739
    Deferred income tax benefit                                          (2,959)           (2,250)            (1,853)
    Increase in interest receivable                                      (9,023)             (572)           (12,781)
    Decrease (increase) in guarantee and
     commitment fees receivable                                              66              (510)            (1,136)
    Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses and other assets             (6,065)              555              1,687
    Increase in accrued interest payable                                  3,398             5,506              2,303
    Increase in other liabilities                                         6,756             3,762              2,960
                                                                  -----------------  ----------------  -----------------
     Net cash provided by operating activities                           43,079            89,284            134,278
                                                                  -----------------  ----------------  -----------------
 Cash flows from investing activities:
   Purchases of available-for-sale investment securities               (179,146)         (592,747)          (254,937)
   Purchases of Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities and
     AgVantage bonds                                                   (200,583)         (273,061)          (464,917)
   Purchases of loans                                                  (794,328)         (278,989)          (446,251)
   Proceeds from repayment of investment securities                     399,938           455,744            264,403
   Proceeds from repayment Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities             242,748           268,351            435,602
   Proceeds from repayment of loans                                      67,168             2,021              1,183
   Proceeds from sale of loans and
    Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities                                     47,682            82,995            159,910
   Settlement of financial derivatives                                   (5,053)           (5,230)                 -
   Purchases of office equipment                                           (161)              (71)                 -
                                                                  -----------------  ----------------  -----------------
    Net cash used in investing activities                              (421,735)         (340,987)          (305,007)
                                                                  -----------------  ----------------  -----------------
 Cash flows from financing activities:
   Proceeds from issuance of discount notes                          58,967,290       105,736,192         64,284,888
   Proceeds from issuance of medium-term notes                          303,017           295,186            215,027
   Payments to redeem discount notes                                (58,433,613)     (105,641,354)       (64,072,223)
   Payments to redeem medium-term notes                                (207,254)         (246,960)           (57,300)
   Net proceeds from preferred stock issuance                            34,667                 -                  -
   Proceeds from common stock issuance                                    1,974             8,599              1,926
   Preferred stock dividends                                             (1,456)                -                  -
                                                                  -----------------  ----------------  -----------------
    Net cash provided by financing activities                           664,625           151,663            372,318
                                                                  -----------------  ----------------  -----------------
   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                 285,969          (100,040)           201,589

   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                     437,831           537,871            336,282
                                                                  -----------------  ----------------  -----------------
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                         $ 723,800         $ 437,831          $ 537,871
                                                                  -----------------  ----------------  -----------------

                                See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

           FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000


1. ORGANIZATION

The   Federal   Agricultural   Mortgage   Corporation   ("Farmer   Mac"  or  the
"Corporation") was chartered by the U.S. Congress in the Agricultural Credit Act
of 1987 (12 U.S.C.  ss.ss. 2279aa et seq.), which amended the Farm Credit Act of
1971 (collectively,  as amended,  the "Act").  Farmer Mac is a stockholder-owned
instrumentality  of the United  States that was created to establish a secondary
market for  agricultural  real estate and rural  housing  mortgage  loans and to
increase  the  availability  of  long-term  credit at stable  interest  rates to
American farmers, ranchers and rural homeowners. The Farmer Mac secondary market
for agricultural mortgage loans accomplishes that mission by providing liquidity
and lending capacity to agricultural mortgage lenders by:

          o    purchasing  newly   originated  and   pre-existing   ("seasoned")
               eligible  mortgage loans directly from lenders  through its "cash
               window" and  seasoned  eligible  mortgage  loans from lenders and
               other third parties in negotiated transactions;
          o    exchanging newly issued agricultural  mortgage-backed  securities
               guaranteed by Farmer Mac ("Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities") for
               newly originated and seasoned  eligible  mortgage loans that back
               those securities in "swap" transactions;
          o    issuing  long-term  standby purchase  commitments  ("LTSPCs") for
               newly originated and seasoned eligible mortgage loans; and
          o    purchasing  and  guaranteeing  mortgage-backed  bonds  secured by
               eligible  mortgage  loans,  which are  referred  to as  AgVantage
               bonds.

Farmer Mac conducts  these  activities  through two  programs--Farmer  Mac I and
Farmer Mac II. Under the Farmer Mac I program, Farmer Mac

          o    purchases eligible mortgage loans;
          o    securitizes  eligible mortgage loans purchased and guarantees the
               timely  payment of  principal  and  interest on the  agricultural
               mortgage-backed securities backed by such loans; and
          o    commits to purchase eligible mortgage loans under LTSPCs for such
               loans.

To be  eligible  for the  Farmer Mac I program,  loans  must meet  Farmer  Mac's
underwriting,  appraisal and  documentation  standards.  Under the Farmer Mac II
program, Farmer Mac purchases the guaranteed portions of loans guaranteed by the
United  States  Department  of  Agriculture  (the  "USDA-guaranteed   portions")
pursuant to the  Consolidated  Farm and Rural  Development Act (7 U.S.C.  ss.ss.
1921 et seq.) and guarantees securities backed by those USDA-guaranteed portions
purchased by Farmer Mac.

As of December  31,  2002,  outstanding  loans held by Farmer Mac and loans that
either back Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities or are subject to LTSPCs  totaled
$5.5  billion.  Farmer Mac may retain  Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities in its
portfolio or sell them to third parties.

Farmer Mac's two principal sources of revenue are:

          o    fees  received  in  connection   with   outstanding   Farmer  Mac
               Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs; and
          o    net  interest  income  earned  on its  portfolio  of  Farmer  Mac
               Guaranteed  Securities,   mortgage  loans,  AgVantage  bonds  and
               investments.

Farmer Mac funds its program  purchases by issuing debt  obligations  of various
maturities.  As of December 31, 2002, Farmer Mac had outstanding $2.9 billion of
discount notes and $1.0 billion of medium-term  notes.  During 2002,  Farmer Mac
continued  its strategy of issuing debt  obligations  and investing a portion of
the proceeds in non-program  investments to increase its presence in the capital
markets and thereby  improve the mortgage  rates  offered by lenders to farmers,
ranchers and rural homeowners.

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The  accounting  and  reporting  policies of Farmer Mac conform  with  generally
accepted accounting  principles in the United States of America. The preparation
of  consolidated  financial  statements in conformity  with  generally  accepted
accounting   principles  requires  management  to  make  certain  estimates  and
assumptions  that  affect the  reported  amounts of assets and  liabilities  and
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities (including, but not limited to,
the  allowance  for  loan  losses,  reserve  for  losses  and the REO  valuation
allowance)  as of the  date of the  consolidated  financial  statements  and the
reported  amounts of income and expenses  during the  reporting  period.  Actual
results could differ from those  estimates.  The  following are the  significant
accounting  policies  that Farmer Mac follows in preparing  and  presenting  its
consolidated financial statements:

(a)   Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Farmer Mac and its
wholly-owned  subsidiary,  Farmer Mac Securities  Corporation,  whose  principal
activities  are to facilitate the purchase and issuance of Farmer Mac Guaranteed
Securities and to act as a registrant under  registration  statements filed with
the  Securities  and  Exchange   Commission.   All  intercompany   balances  and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

(b)   Cash and Cash Equivalents

Farmer  Mac  considers  highly  liquid  investment   securities  with  remaining
maturities  of  three  months  or  less  at the  time  of  purchase  to be  cash
equivalents. Changes in the balance of cash and cash equivalents are reported in
the  consolidated  statements  of cash  flows.  The  following  table sets forth
information regarding certain cash and non-cash transactions for the years ended
December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                          2002         2001         2000
                                                      ----------- ------------- -------------
                                                                   (in thousands)
<S>                                                   <C>           <C>          <C>
 Cash paid during the year for:
     Interest                                          $ 63,750      $ 75,821     $ 50,493
     Income taxes                                        12,600         8,200        6,825
 Non-cash activity:
     Real estate owned acquired through foreclosure       7,632         2,457          471
     Loans acquired and securitized as Farmer Mac
        Guaranteed Securities                               -         105,436      452,124
     Loans acquired from on-balance sheet Farmer Mac
        Guaranteed Securities                            25,675           526        2,273
</TABLE>


(c)   Investments and Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities

Farmer Mac  classifies  investments  and Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities  that
Farmer  Mac has  the  positive  intent  and  ability  to  hold  to  maturity  as
held-to-maturity.  Such securities are carried at cost, adjusted for unamortized
premiums and unearned  discounts.  Securities for which Farmer Mac does not have
the positive intent to hold to maturity are classified as available-for-sale and
are  carried  at  estimated   fair  value.   Unrealized   gains  and  losses  on
available-for-sale  securities are reported as accumulated  other  comprehensive
income/(loss)  in  stockholders'   equity.   Securities  classified  as  trading
securities are reported at their fair value,  with  unrealized  gains and losses
included in  earnings.  Gains and losses on the sale of  available-for-sale  and
trading securities are determined using the specific identification cost method.

Farmer Mac determines the fair value of Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities  based
on the present value of the associated expected future cash flows. In estimating
the present value of the expected  future cash flows,  management is required to
make estimates and assumptions. The key estimates and assumptions include future
discount rates and collateral  repayment  rates.  Premiums,  discounts and other
deferred  costs are amortized to interest  income over the estimated life of the
security using the effective interest method. Interest income on investments and
Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  is recorded on an accrual  basis  unless the
collection of interest is considered doubtful.

Farmer Mac receives  yield  maintenance  payments  when  certain  loans or loans
underlying  Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities  prepay.  These payments  mitigate
Farmer Mac's exposure to  reinvestment  risk and are calculated  such that, when
reinvested with the prepaid  principal,  they should generate  substantially the
same cash flows that would have been generated had the loans not prepaid.  Yield
maintenance  payments  are  recognized  as interest  income in the  consolidated
statements of operations upon receipt.

(d)   Loans

Loans for which Farmer Mac has the  positive  intent and ability to hold for the
foreseeable  future  are  classified  as held for  investment  and  reported  at
amortized  cost.  Loans  that  Farmer  Mac  does  not  intend  to  hold  for the
foreseeable  future are classified as held for sale and reported at the lower of
cost or market using the aggregate method. Of the loans held by Farmer Mac as of
December 31, 2002,  $929.1  million were held for  investment  and $37.0 million
were held for sale.  Of the loans held by Farmer Mac as of  December  31,  2001,
$173.5 million were held for investment and $25.9 million were held for sale.

(e)   Securitization of Loans

Asset securitization involves the transfer of financial assets to another entity
in exchange  for cash and/or  beneficial  interests  in the assets  transferred.
Farmer Mac transfers  agricultural  mortgage  loans into trusts that are used as
vehicles  for the  securitization  of the  transferred  loans.  The trusts issue
Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities that are beneficial interests in the assets of
the trusts, to either Farmer Mac or third party investors. In most cases, Farmer
Mac retains all of the securities  issued by the trusts.  From time to time, the
securities issued by the trusts are sold to third party investors.

Farmer Mac  guarantees  the timely  payment of  principal  and  interest  on the
securities issued by the trusts and receives  guarantee fees as compensation for
its guarantee. Farmer Mac recognizes guarantee fees on an accrual basis over the
terms of the Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities,  which coincide with the terms of
the underlying  loans. As such, no guarantee fees are unearned at the end of any
reporting  period. If Farmer Mac purchases a delinquent loan underlying a Farmer
Mac  Guaranteed  Security,  Farmer Mac stops accruing the guarantee fee upon the
loan purchase.

Prior to April 1, 2001,  Farmer Mac  accounted  for the  transfer  of loans into
trusts in  accordance  with SFAS 125.  Under that  standard,  each trust met the
requirements of a "qualifying  special purpose  entity."  Therefore,  the trusts
were not consolidated into Farmer Mac's consolidated  financial statements.  The
Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities  securitized prior to April 1, 2001 that Farmer
Mac  retained,  have  been  recorded  in  Farmer  Mac's  consolidated  financial
statements as Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities and are classified and accounted
for in  accordance  with  Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 115,
Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities, see Note 2(c).

Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 140,  Accounting for Transfers
and Servicing of Financial  Assets and  Extinguishments  of  Liabilities  ("SFAS
140"),  which became effective for transfers of financial assets after March 31,
2001,  expanded the requirements for "qualifying special purposes entities." The
trust vehicles used in loan securitization transactions after March 31, 2001, in
which Farmer Mac retains all the Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities issued by the
trust, do not meet the "qualifying special purpose entity"  requirements of SFAS
140.  Accordingly,  Farmer Mac accounts for the Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities
it retains in these transactions as loans in its consolidated balance sheets and
the guarantee fees earned on those assets are recorded as interest income in the
consolidated statements of operations.

Transfers  of  agricultural  mortgage  loans  into  trusts in which  Farmer  Mac
surrenders  control over the financial  assets and receives  compensation  other
than  beneficial  interests in the underlying  loans are recorded as sales under
both  SFAS  125 and  SFAS  140.  The  carrying  amount  of the  assets  that are
transferred in these  transactions is allocated  between the assets sold and the
interests  retained,  if any,  based on the relative  fair values of each at the
date of the  transfer.  A gain or loss is included in income for the  difference
between  the  allocated  carrying  amount  of the  asset  sold  and the net cash
proceeds received.  In 2002, 2001 and 2000, Farmer Mac did not realize any gains
or losses upon the sale of loans  accounted  for as sales under SFAS 125 or SFAS
140.

When  particular  criteria are met, such as the default of the borrower,  Farmer
Mac has the option to  repurchase  the  defaulted  loans  underlying  Farmer Mac
Guaranteed   Securities   (these   options   are   commonly   referred   to   as
"removal-of-account"   provisions).  Farmer  Mac  records  these  loans  in  the
consolidated  financial statements during the period in which Farmer Mac has the
option to repurchase the loans and therefore  regains effective control over the
transferred loans.

(f)   Non-Performing Loans

Non-performing  or  "impaired"  loans are loans  for which it is  probable  that
Farmer  Mac  will  be  unable  to  collect  all  amounts  due  according  to the
contractual  terms of the loan  agreement  and include all loans 90 days or more
past due. When a loan is determined to be impaired,  interest due on the loan is
not  recognized  as  interest  income  until the  payment is  received  from the
borrower.  Interest  previously  accrued on such loans or  interest  advanced to
security  holders is charged  against  the  allowance  for  losses  when  deemed
uncollectible.

(g)   Real Estate Owned

Real estate owned consists of real estate  acquired  through  foreclosure and is
recorded at fair value less estimated  selling costs at acquisition.  Fair value
is  determined  by  appraisal  or other  appropriate  valuation  method.  Losses
estimated  at the time of  acquisition  are  charged to the  allowance  for loan
losses. Subsequent to the acquisition,  management continues to perform periodic
valuations and establishes a valuation allowance for real estate owned through a
charge to income if the carrying value of a property  exceeds its estimated fair
value less estimated selling costs.

(h)   Financial Derivatives

Farmer Mac enters into financial derivative transactions  principally to protect
against the risk from the effects of market price or interest rate  movements on
the  value  of  certain  assets  and  future  cash  flows,  not for  trading  or
speculative purposes.  Farmer Mac is required to recognize certain contracts and
commitments as financial derivatives when the characteristics of those contracts
and  commitments  meet the definition of a financial  derivative  promulgated by
Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 133, Accounting for Derivative
Instruments  and  Hedging  Activities,  as amended  by  Statement  of  Financial
Accounting Standards No. 137, Accounting for Derivative  Instruments and Hedging
Activities--Deferral  of the  Effective  Date  of  FASB  Statement  No.  133 and
Statement of Accounting  Standards No. 138,  Accounting for Certain  Derivatives
Instruments  and  Hedging  Activities,  and  as  interpreted  by  the  Financial
Accounting  Standards  Board  ("FASB") and the Derivative  Implementation  Group
(collectively, "SFAS 133").

Effective  January  1, 2001,  Farmer Mac  adopted  SFAS 133,  which  establishes
accounting and reporting standards for financial  derivatives  including certain
financial  derivatives  embedded in other contracts and for hedging  activities.
The adoption of SFAS 133 resulted in a $0.7 million charge, net of tax, reported
as a cumulative effect of a change in accounting  principles and an $8.6 million
decrease,  net of tax,  in  stockholders'  equity in Farmer  Mac's  consolidated
financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2001.

All  financial  derivatives  are required to be recorded on the balance sheet at
fair  value as a  freestanding  asset or  liability.  Financial  derivatives  in
hedging  relationships  that  mitigate  exposure to changes in the fair value of
assets  are  considered  fair value  hedges.  Financial  derivatives  in hedging
relationships  that mitigate the exposure to the  variability in expected future
cash flows or other forecasted transactions are considered cash flow hedges.

Fair value hedges are accounted for by recording the fair value of the financial
derivative  and the change in fair value of the asset  attributable  to the risk
being hedged on the consolidated balance sheets with the net difference reported
as  ineffectiveness  in the  consolidated  statements of operations as a gain or
loss on  financial  derivatives.  Financial  derivatives  are reported as either
freestanding  assets or  freestanding  liabilities in the  consolidated  balance
sheets. The adjustment to the hedged asset is included in the reported amount of
the hedged item.  Cash payments or receipts and related  amounts  accrued during
the   reporting   period  on  financial   derivatives   in  fair  value  hedging
relationships are recorded as an adjustment to the interest income on the hedged
asset.  If a financial  derivative  in a fair value hedging  relationship  is no
longer  effective,  is  de-designated  from  its  hedging  relationship,  or  is
terminated,  Farmer  Mac  discontinues  fair  value  hedge  accounting  for  the
financial  derivative  and the hedged item.  Accordingly,  the hedged item is no
longer  adjusted  for changes in its fair value  attributable  to the risk being
hedged. The accumulated adjustment of the carrying amount of the hedged asset is
recognized  in earnings as an  adjustment  to interest  income over the expected
remaining life of the asset using the effective interest rate method.

Cash flow hedges are  accounted for by recording the fair value of the financial
derivative as either a  freestanding  asset or a  freestanding  liability on the
consolidated  balance sheets,  with the effective  portion of the change in fair
value of the financial  derivative  recorded in accumulated other  comprehensive
income/(loss) within stockholders'  equity, net of tax. Amounts are reclassified
from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) to interest income or expense
in the consolidated statements of operations in the period the hedged forecasted
transaction  affects  earnings.  Any  ineffective  portion of the change in fair
value of the  financial  derivative  is reported as a gain or loss on  financial
derivatives and trading assets in the consolidated statements of operations.  If
it becomes  probable that a hedged  forecasted  transaction  will not occur, any
amounts  included  in  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  related to the
specific  hedging   relationship  are   reclassified   from  accumulated   other
comprehensive  income/(loss)  to the  consolidated  statements of operations and
reported as gains or losses on financial derivatives and trading assets.

Gains and losses on financial  derivatives  not considered  highly  effective in
hedging  the change in fair value or expected  cash flows of the related  hedged
item are  recognized  in the  consolidated  statement of operations as a gain or
loss on financial  derivatives and trading assets,  as these  derivatives do not
qualify for hedge accounting  under SFAS 133. If a financial  derivative has not
been or will not continue to be highly effective as a hedge, hedge accounting is
discontinued prospectively and the financial derivative continues to be recorded
at fair value with changes in fair value reported as a gain or loss on financial
derivatives and trading assets in the consolidated statement of operations.

Prior to January 1, 2001,  unrealized gains and losses on financial  derivatives
used for hedging  purposes  were  generally  not  required to be reported in the
consolidated  balance  sheet.  In  order to be  eligible  for  hedge  accounting
treatment,  a high  correlation had to be probable at the inception of the hedge
transaction and maintained throughout the hedge period. For interest rate swaps,
the net interest  received or paid was treated as an  adjustment to the interest
income or expense  related to the hedged assets or  obligations in the period in
which such amounts were due.  Premiums and fees  associated  with  interest rate
caps were amortized to interest income or expense on a straight-line  basis over
the terms of the contracts.  For financial  derivatives that were not designated
or did not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, realized and unrealized gains
and losses were  recognized in the statements of operations as a gain or loss on
financial derivatives and trading assets.

(i)   Notes Payable

Notes payable are  classified as due within one year or due after one year based
on their contractual maturities.  Debt issuance costs are deferred and amortized
to  interest  income or expense  using the  effective  interest  method over the
estimated life of the related debt.

(j)   Allowance for Losses

Farmer Mac maintains an allowance for losses to cover estimated  probable losses
on loans held for investment,  real estate owned and loans underlying  post-1996
Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities and LTSPCs in accordance  with Statement
of Financial Accounting Standard No. 5, Accounting for Contingencies, ("SFAS 5")
and Statement of Financial  Accounting Standard No. 114, Accounting by Creditors
for  Impairment  of a  Loan  ("SFAS  114"),  as  amended.  The  methodology  for
determining  the allowance for losses is the same for loans held for  investment
and loans underlying post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs
because  Farmer Mac  believes the ultimate  credit risk is the same,  i.e.,  the
underlying agricultural mortgage loans all meet the same credit underwriting and
appraisal standards.

Farmer Mac's allowance for losses is estimated  using a systematic  process that
begins with management's  evaluation of the results of its proprietary loan pool
simulation and guarantee fee model (the "Model");  those results may be modified
by the  application  of  management  judgment  that takes into  account  factors
including:

          o    economic conditions;
          o    geographic and agricultural  commodity  concentrations  of Farmer
               Mac's portfolio;
          o    the credit profile of Farmer Mac's portfolio;
          o    delinquency trends of Farmer Mac's portfolio; and
          o    historical  charge-off  and  recovery  activity  of Farmer  Mac's
               portfolio.

The Model offers  historical  loss  experience on  agricultural  mortgage  loans
similar to those on which Farmer Mac has assumed  credit risk, but over a longer
term  than  Farmer  Mac's  own  experience  to  date.  Farmer  Mac's  systematic
methodology for determining its allowance for losses is expected to migrate over
time,  away from the Model and  toward  the  increased  use of Farmer  Mac's own
historical  portfolio loss experience,  as that experience continues to develop.
During this  migration,  Farmer Mac will  continue  to use the results  from the
Model,  augmented by the  application of management's  judgment,  to develop its
loan loss allowance.

Management  believes  that  its  use of this  methodology  produces  a  reliable
estimate of total probable  losses,  as of the balance sheet date, for all loans
included in Farmer Mac's  portfolio,  including  loans held for  investment  and
loans underlying post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs.

In addition,  Farmer Mac specifically  analyzes its portfolio of  non-performing
assets  (loans  90 days or more  past  due,  in  foreclosure,  restructured,  in
bankruptcy - including loans  performing  under either their original loan terms
or a  court-approved  bankruptcy plan - and REO) on a loan-by-loan  basis.  This
analysis  measures  impairment  based  on  the  fair  value  of  the  underlying
collateral for each individual loan relative to the total amount due,  including
principal,  interest and advances  under SFAS 114. In the event that the updated
appraisal  or  management's  estimate of  discounted  collateral  value does not
support the total amount due,  Farmer Mac  specifically  determines an allowance
for the loan for the  difference  between the recorded  investment  and its fair
value, less estimated costs to liquidate the collateral.

Management believes that the general allowance,  which is the difference between
the total  allowance  for losses  (generated  through  use of the Model) and the
specific  allowances,  adequately covers any losses inherent in the portfolio of
performing loans under SFAS 5.

Farmer Mac considers that the  methodology  described  above produces a reliable
estimate of the total probable losses inherent in the Farmer Mac portfolio.  The
Model:

          o    runs  various  configurations  of  loan  types,  terms,  economic
               conditions,  and  borrower  eligibility  criteria  to  generate a
               distribution  of loss  exposures  over  time for all loans in the
               portfolio;
          o    uses  historical  agricultural  real estate loan  origination and
               servicing data that reflect varied economic conditions and stress
               levels in the agricultural sector;
          o    contains  features  that  allow  variations  for  changes in loan
               portfolio   characteristics   to   make   the   data   set   more
               representative of Farmer Mac's portfolio and credit  underwriting
               standards; and
          o    considers the effects of the ageing of the loan  portfolio  along
               the  expected  loss  curves  associated  with  individual  cohort
               origination years,  including the segments that are entering into
               or coming out of their peak default years.

Farmer Mac analyzes various iterations of the Model data to evaluate its overall
allowance for loss and back tests the results to validate the Model.  Such tests
use prior  period  data to project  losses  expected  in a current  period,  and
compare those projections to actual losses incurred during the current period.

The allowance for losses is increased  through  periodic  provisions  for losses
charged to  expense  and  reduced  by  charge-offs  for  actual  losses,  net of
recoveries   that  are  recognized  if  liquidation   proceeds  exceed  previous
estimates.  Charge-offs  represent losses on the outstanding  principal balance,
any interest  payments  previously  accrued or advanced  and  expected  costs of
liquidation. When certain criteria are met, such as the default of the borrower,
Farmer Mac has the option to purchase the defaulted loans underlying  Farmer Mac
Guaranteed  Securities and is obligated to purchase  those  underlying an LTSPC.
These  acquisitions  are recorded in the  consolidated  financial  statements at
their fair value. Fair value is determined by appraisal or management's estimate
of discounted collateral value. In September 2002, Farmer Mac adopted EITF issue
02-9,  Accounting for Changes That Result in a Transferor  Regaining  Control of
Financial Assets Sold ("the consensus" or "EITF 02-9").  The consensus  requires
that  Farmer Mac record at  acquisition,  the  difference  between  each  loan's
acquisition  cost and its fair  value,  if any,  as a charge to the  reserve for
losses. Prior to the adoption of the consensus,  any specific allowance that had
been   established  for  the  off-balance   sheet  obligation  would  have  been
transferred  from the reserve for losses to the allowance for loan losses.  Upon
the receipt of each loan's updated  appraisal or  determination  of management's
estimate of discounted  collateral value, the difference between the acquisition
cost of the loan and its fair  value,  if any,  was  recorded as a charge to the
allowance for loan losses.

No  allowance  for  losses  has been  made for  loans  underlying  Farmer  Mac I
Guaranteed  Securities  issued prior to the 1996 Act or Farmer Mac II Guaranteed
Securities.  Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities issued prior to the 1996 Act are
supported by unguaranteed first loss subordinated interests,  which are expected
to exceed the estimated credit losses on those loans.  USDA-guaranteed  portions
collateralizing  Farmer Mac II Guaranteed  Securities are obligations  backed by
the full  faith  and  credit  of the  United  States.  To date,  Farmer  Mac has
experienced  no credit  losses  on any  pre-1996  Act  Farmer  Mac I  Guaranteed
Securities or on any Farmer Mac II Guaranteed  Securities and does not expect to
incur any such losses in the future.

During  the year  ended  December  31,  2002  Farmer  Mac  reclassified  certain
components  of its  allowance for losses and its provision for losses to further
clarify its  presentation.  Reclassifications  of the  allowance  for losses and
provision  for losses  for prior  periods  were made to  conform to the  current
period presentation.  These reclassifications are for presentation purposes only
and have no impact on Farmer Mac's risk  exposure,  results from  operations  or
financial  position.  See Note 2(q) for additional  information  regarding these
reclassifications.

(k)   Earnings Per Common Share

The following  schedule  reconciles basic and diluted earnings per share for the
years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000.  Basic earnings per share is based
on the weighted-average common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is
based on the  weighted-average  number of common shares outstanding  adjusted to
include all potentially dilutive common stock options.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          2002                              2001                              2000
                             --------------------------------  -------------------------------  --------------------------------
                                          Dilutive                        Dilutive                          Dilutive
                               Basic       stock     Diluted     Basic     stock     Diluted      Basic      stock     Diluted
                                EPS       options      EPS        EPS     options      EPS         EPS      options      EPS
                             ---------- ----------- ---------  --------- ---------- ----------  --------- ----------- ----------
                                                          (in thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                         <C>            <C>    <C>         <C>           <C>    <C>         <C>            <C>    <C>
 Net income available to     $ 21,295              $ 21,295    $ 16,280             $ 16,280    $ 10,437              $ 10,437
   common stockholders
 Weighted-average              11,613       437      12,050      11,329      440      11,769      11,064       293      11,357
   shares
 Earnings per
   common share                $ 1.83                $ 1.77      $ 1.44               $ 1.38      $ 0.94                $ 0.92

 Effects of:
   Extraordinary gain          $ 0.07                $ 0.07          -                     -           -                    -
   Cumulative effect of
    change in accounting
    principles                       -                    -     $ (0.06)             $ (0.06)          -                    -

</TABLE>

(l)   Income Taxes

Deferred federal income tax assets and liabilities are established for temporary
differences  between  financial  and taxable  income and are measured  using the
current  enacted  statutory tax rate.  Income tax expense is equal to the income
taxes  payable in the current year plus the net change in the deferred tax asset
or liability balance.

(m)   Stock-Based Compensation

Farmer Mac accounts for its stock-based  employee  compensation plans, which are
described  more fully in Note 9, using the intrinsic  value method of accounting
for employee stock options  pursuant to Accounting  Principles Board Opinion No.
25,   Accounting   for  Stock   Issued  to   Employees,   and  has  adopted  the
disclosure-only  provisions of Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No.
123,  Accounting  for  Stock-Based  Compensation  ("SFAS  123"),  as  amended by
Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards No. 148, Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation-Transition   and   Disclosure   ("SFAS   148").   Accordingly,   no
compensation  expense was  recognized in 2002,  2001 and 2000 for employee stock
option plans.  Had Farmer Mac elected to use the fair value method of accounting
for employee  stock options,  net income  available to common  stockholders  and
earnings per share for the years ended  December  31, 2002,  2001 and 2000 would
have been reduced to the pro forma amounts indicated in the following table:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            For the Years Ended December 31,
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                            2002          2001          2000
                                        ------------ ------------- ------------
                                        (in thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                                     <C>           <C>           <C>
 Net income available to common
  stockholders, as reported              $ 21,295      $ 16,280      $ 10,437
 Add back:  Restricted stock
  compensation expense included in
  reported net income, net of taxes           617           577           536
 Deduct:  Total stock-based employee
  compensation expense determined
  under fair value-based method
  for all awards, net of tax               (2,990)       (2,662)       (2,403)
                                        ------------ ------------- -------------
 Pro forma net income available to
  common stockholders                    $ 18,922      $ 14,195       $ 8,570
                                        ------------ ------------- -------------

 Earnings per share:
  Basic - as reported                      $ 1.83        $ 1.44        $ 0.94
  Basic - pro forma                        $ 1.63        $ 1.25        $ 0.77

  Diluted - as reported                    $ 1.77        $ 1.38        $ 0.92
  Diluted - pro forma                      $ 1.57        $ 1.21        $ 0.76
</TABLE>


The  underlying  assumptions to these fair value  calculations  are presented in
Note 9.

(n) Comprehensive Income/(Loss)

Comprehensive  income/(loss)  represents  all  changes in  stockholders'  equity
except those resulting from investments by or distributions to stockholders, and
is comprised of net income  available to common  stockholders,  unrealized gains
and losses on securities  available-for-sale  and the  effective  portion of the
unrealized  gains  and  losses  on  financial  derivatives  in cash  flow  hedge
relationships,  net of  reclassification  adjustments  and  related  taxes.  The
following  table  presents   Farmer  Mac's   accumulated   other   comprehensive
income/(loss) as of December 31, 2002 and 2001.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                  2002         2001          2000
                                                             ------------- ------------ -------------
                                                                           (in thousands)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>           <C>
 Net unrealized gains on securities
  available-for-sale, net of taxes                            $ 62,321      $ 23,898      $ 31,498
 Net unrealized losses on financial derivatives in
  cash flow hedge relationships, net of taxes                  (62,728)      (15,503)            -
                                                             ------------- ------------ -------------

 Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax      $ (407)      $ 8,395      $ 31,498
                                                             ------------- ------------ -------------
</TABLE>

(o) Long-Term Standby Purchase Commitments ("LTSPCs")

Farmer Mac accounts for its LTSPCs in accordance  with the consensus  reached in
EITF 85-20, Recognition of Fees for Guaranteeing a Loan. As is specified in this
consensus,  Farmer Mac  recognizes  LTSPC  commitment  fees over the life of the
underlying  loans. As such, no guarantee fees or commitment fees are unearned at
the end of any  reporting  period.  If Farmer Mac  purchases  a  defaulted  loan
underlying an LTSPC,  Farmer Mac stops accruing the commitment fee upon the loan
purchase.  If the loan becomes current and is repurchased  from Farmer Mac under
the terms of an LTSPC,  Farmer Mac resumes  accrual of the  commitment  fee. See
Note 2(j) for Farmer Mac's policy for estimating probable losses for LTSPCs.

(p)   New Accounting Standards

In April 2002, the FASB issued Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No.
145, Rescission of FASB Statements No. 4, 44 and 64, Amendment of FASB Statement
No. 13 and Technical Corrections ("SFAS 145") which is effective January 1, 2003
and requires gains and losses from the  extinguishment  or repurchase of debt to
be  classified  as  extraordinary  items only if they meet the criteria for such
classification  in Accounting  Principles  Board  Opinion No. 30,  Reporting the
Results of  Operations,  Reporting  the  Effects of  Disposal  of a Segment of a
Business  and  Extraordinary,  Unusual  and  Infrequently  Occurring  Events and
Transactions. Until January 1, 2003, gains and losses from the extinguishment or
repurchase  of debt must be  classified as  extraordinary  items.  Subsequent to
January  1,  2003,  any  gain or  loss  resulting  from  the  extinguishment  or
repurchase of debt that was previously  classified as an extraordinary item in a
prior  period  that does not meet the  criteria  for such  classification  under
Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30 must be reclassified. Farmer Mac will
adopt  the  provisions  of SFAS 145 on  January  1,  2003 and will at that  time
reclassify the net gain on the  extinguishment  of debt  recognized for the year
ended December 31, 2002.

In  December  2002,  the  FASB  issued  SFAS  148,  which  provides  alternative
transition  methods  for a voluntary  change to the fair value  based  method of
accounting  for  stock-based  employee  compensation  and amends the  disclosure
requirements  of SFAS 123, to require  prominent  disclosures in both annual and
quarterly  financial  statements  of the method of  accounting  for  stock-based
employee  compensation  and the effect of the method used on  reported  results.
Farmer  Mac has  not  changed  the  way it  accounts  for  stock-based  employee
compensation; however, it has adopted the disclosure provisions of SFAS 148.

In December 2002, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 45, Guarantor's  Accounting
and Disclosure  Requirements for Guarantees,  Including  Indirect  Guarantees of
Indebtedness of Others ("FIN 45"),  which requires a company to disclose many of
the  guarantees  or  indemnification  agreements  it  issues,  some of which are
required to be recorded as a liability in a company's consolidated balance sheet
at the time it enters into the guarantee.  FIN 45 requires disclosures beginning
in interim and year-end  financial  statements  ending after  December 15, 2002.
Farmer Mac has adopted the  disclosure  provisions.  The  liability  recognition
provisions  apply to guarantees  issued or modified  beginning  January 1, 2003.
Farmer  Mac is in  the  process  of  evaluating  the  impact  of  the  liability
recognition provisions of FIN 45.

In  January  2003,  the FASB  issued  Interpretation  No. 46,  Consolidation  of
Variable  Interest  Entities - an interpretation of ARB No. 51, ("FIN 46") which
addresses the consolidation of variable interest entities ("VIEs"). Generally, a
VIE is a corporation,  partnership,  trust or any other legal structure used for
business  purposes  that either (1) does not have equity  investors  with voting
rights or (2) has equity  investors  that do not  provide  sufficient  financial
resources for the entity to support its activities.  A VIE often holds financial
assets and may be passive or it may engage in such  activities  as research  and
development or other  activities on behalf of another  company.  FIN 46 requires
that a VIE be consolidated by a company if that company is subject to a majority
of the  VIE's  risk of loss or  entitled  to  receive  a  majority  of the VIE's
residual  returns or both. A company that  consolidates  a VIE is referred to as
the primary beneficiary of that entity.

The consolidation requirements of FIN 46 apply immediately to VIEs created after
January 31, 2003.  The  consolidation  requirements  apply to VIEs created on or
before  January 31, 2003 in the first  fiscal year or interim  period  beginning
after  June  15,  2003.  Certain  of the  disclosure  requirements  apply in all
financial  statements  issued after January 31, 2003  regardless of when the VIE
was established.  Farmer Mac does not believe the adoption of FIN 46 will have a
material  impact  on its  consolidated  financial  position  or its  results  of
operations.

In  September  of 2002,  the EITF reached a consensus on a portion of EITF 02-9.
The consensus applies to loan transfers that were initially treated as sales and
are recorded as a  "re-purchase"  when the  transferor  has  regained  effective
control  over the loan.  The  consensus  indicates  that under no  circumstances
should an allowance  for losses be initially  recorded when such loans have been
recorded as a "re-purchase" on the transferor's financial statements. Farmer Mac
has adopted the consensus, which applies to transactions that are recorded after
September 12, 2002.

(q)   Reclassifications

Certain  reclassifications of prior year information were made to conform to the
2002  presentation.  As a result of the  continued  increase  in loans  held for
investment  and to  further  clarify  the  various  components  of Farmer  Mac's
allowance for losses (previously referred to as reserve for losses),  Farmer Mac
reclassified  certain  components of its allowance for losses and provisions for
losses to conform to the current presentation.

Farmer Mac  reclassified  its  presentation  of the allowance for losses and the
provisions  for losses as of and for the each of the years  ended  December  31,
2001 and 2000 to conform to the current year  presentation.  The following table
summarizes the  reclassifications on the 2001 consolidated  financial statements
to conform to the current presentation.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    Prior                             Current
                                 Presentation   Reclassifications   Presentation
                                -------------- ------------------- --------------
                                                 (in thousands)
<S>                              <C>               <C>               <C>
 Balance sheet reclassifications:
   Allowance for loan losses      $   -             $ 1,352            $ 1,352
   Reserve for losses               15,884           (1,352)            14,532
                                -------------- ------------------- --------------
      Total                       $ 15,884          $   -             $ 15,884
                                -------------- ------------------- --------------

 Statement of operations reclassifications:
   Provision for loan losses       $  -               $ 600              $ 600
   Provision for losses              6,725             (600)             6,125
                                -------------- ------------------- --------------
      Total                        $ 6,725          $   -              $ 6,725
                                -------------- ------------------- --------------
</TABLE>



The  following  table  summarizes  the  reclassifications  for the  statement of
operations  for the year ended  December  31,  2000 to  conform  to the  current
presentation.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     Prior                             Current
                                 Presentation   Reclassifications   Presentation
                                -------------- ------------------- --------------
                                                (in thousands)
<S>                               <C>                <C>              <C>
 Provision for loan losses         $   -              $ 300            $   300
 Provision for losses                4,739             (300)             4,439
                                 -------------- ------------------- --------------
   Total                           $ 4,739            $ -              $ 4,739
                                 -------------- ------------------- --------------
</TABLE>

3. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

As provided by Farmer Mac's statutory charter,  only banks,  insurance companies
and other financial institutions or similar entities may hold Farmer Mac's Class
A voting common stock and only  institutions  of the Farm Credit System may hold
Farmer Mac's Class B voting common stock.  Farmer Mac's  statutory  charter also
provides that Class A stockholders  elect five members of Farmer Mac's 15-member
board of directors and that Class B stockholders elect five members of the board
of directors. Additionally, in order to participate in the Farmer Mac I program,
a financial  institution  must own a  requisite  amount of Farmer Mac Class A or
Class B voting common  stock,  based on the size and type of  institution.  As a
result of these requirements,  Farmer Mac conducts business with related parties
in the normal course of Farmer Mac's business.

During 2002, Farmer Mac purchased eligible loans from 63 entities,  placed loans
under LTSPCs with 16 entities and conducted Farmer Mac II transactions  with 143
entities  operating  throughout the United  States.  During the year, the top 10
institutions generated 90 percent of the Farmer Mac I loan volume.

For all of the  transactions  discussed  below,  Farmer Mac has a related  party
relationship  with each entity  resulting from a member of Farmer Mac's board of
directors being affiliated with the entity in some capacity.  These transactions
were  conducted in the ordinary  course of business,  with terms and  conditions
comparable to those applicable to any other third party.

The  following  is a summary of the related  party  activity  for the year ended
December 31, 2002:

o    The following  transactions  occurred  between Zions First National Bank or
     its affiliates  ("Zions"),  which is Farmer Mac's largest holder of Class A
     voting common stock and a major holder of Class C non-voting  common stock,
     and Farmer Mac during 2002:

     o    Farmer Mac purchased 183 loans having an aggregate principal amount of
          approximately $77.2 million from Zions under the Farmer Mac I program,
          representing  approximately  4.1 percent of that program's  volume for
          the year;
     o    Farmer Mac purchased 16 guaranteed  portions of USDA-guaranteed  loans
          having an aggregate  principal  amount of  approximately  $3.6 million
          from Zions under the Farmer Mac II program, representing approximately
          2.1 percent of that program's volume for the year;
     o    Farmer Mac sold  approximately  $47.7 million of Farmer Mac Guaranteed
          Securities to Zions at no gain or loss;
     o    Farmer Mac and Zions  entered  into  interest  rate swap  transactions
          having an aggregate notional  principal amount of approximately  $41.6
          million  (the  aggregate  outstanding  notional  principal  amount all
          interest  rate  swap  transactions  between  Farmer  Mac and Zions was
          $326.8 million as of December 31, 2002);
     o    Farmer Mac received  approximately  $1.0 million in guarantee  fees on
          Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities  whose underlying loans were swapped
          or sold to Farmer Mac by Zions;
     o    Farmer Mac paid Zions  approximately  $51,000 in underwriting and loan
          file review fees;
     o    Zions received approximately $1.2 million in servicing fees for acting
          as a central servicer in the Farmer Mac I program;
     o    Zions received  approximately $43,000 in fees for acting as agent with
          respect to  approximately  $28.3  million  of Farmer  Mac  medium-term
          notes; and
     o    Zions  received  approximately  $89,000 in  commissions  for acting as
          dealer  with  respect to  approximately  $738.7  million of Farmer Mac
          discount notes;

o    The  following  transactions  occurred  between  AgFirst  Farm  Credit Bank
     ("AgFirst"),  which is a major holder of Class B voting common  stock,  and
     Farmer Mac during 2002:

     o    Farmer  Mac  extended  LTSPCs  on  1,810  loans  having  an  aggregate
          principal  balance of  approximately  $314.1  million to AgFirst  (the
          aggregate  outstanding  principal  balance  of the 2,840  total  loans
          underlying  LTSPCs with AgFirst was $431.3  million as of December 31,
          2002);
     o    Farmer  Mac  guaranteed  approximately  $161.0  million  of Farmer Mac
          Guaranteed Securities backed by rural housing loans under which Farmer
          Mac  is  second-loss   guarantor  for  the  last  10  percent  of  the
          securities;
     o    Farmer Mac received  approximately  $0.2 million in guarantee fees and
          approximately   $1.3  million  in  commitment  fees   attributable  to
          transactions with AgFirst; and
     o    AgFirst received  approximately  $122,000 in servicing fees for acting
          as a central servicer in the Farmer Mac I program;

o    Farmer  Mac  extended  LTSPCs on 389 loans  having an  aggregate  principal
     balance of  approximately  $388.6  million to Farm Credit West,  ACA or its
     affiliates (the aggregate  outstanding  principal  balance of the 777 loans
     underlying  LTSPCs with Farm Credit West,  ACA or its affiliates was $712.4
     million as of December 31, 2002),  and Farmer Mac received  commitment fees
     of approximately $2.8 million;

o    Farmer Mac purchased 28 guaranteed portions of USDA-guaranteed loans having
     an aggregate principal amount of approximately $4.6 million from Bath State
     Bank under the Farmer Mac II program, and Farmer Mac received approximately
     $50,000 in  guarantee  fees on Farmer Mac II  Guaranteed  Securities  whose
     underlying  USDA-guaranteed  portions were sold to Farmer Mac by Bath State
     Bank;

o    Farmer  Mac  extended  LTSPCs  on 56 loans  having an  aggregate  principal
     balance of  approximately  $4.5 million to AgStar FCS,  ACA (the  aggregate
     outstanding  principal  balance of the 1,540 loans  underlying  LTSPCs with
     AgStar FCS, ACA was $103.3 million as of December 31, 2002), and Farmer Mac
     received commitment fees of approximately $0.5 million; and

o    GreenPoint Financial Corp. or its affiliates received approximately $25,000
     in  servicing  fees for  acting as a central  servicer  in the Farmer Mac I
     program.

As of December  31, 2002,  Farmer Mac had net  interest  payable to Zions or its
affiliates of approximately  $7.3 million.  As of December 31, 2002,  Farmer Mac
had the following commitment fees receivable from related parties:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             As of
                                          December 31,
                                             2002
                                        ---------------
                                        (in thousands)
<S>                                        <C>
 Farm Credit West, ACA or its affiliates    $ 291
 AgStar FCS, ACA                               38
 AgFirst Farm Credit Bank                     307
</TABLE>


4. INVESTMENT SECURITIES

The amortized  cost and estimated  fair values of investments as of December 31,
2002 and 2001 were as follows.  Fair value was estimated  based on quoted market
prices.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                2002                                                   2001
                          ----------------------------------------------------  ----------------------------------------------------

                             Amortized   Unrealized   Unrealized                   Amortized   Unrealized   Unrealized
                               Cost         Gain         Loss      Fair Value        Cost         Gain         Loss      Fair Value
                          ------------- ------------ ------------ ------------  ------------- ------------ ------------ ------------
                                                                       (in thousands)
<S>                        <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>           <C>             <C>         <C>         <C>
 Held-to-maturity:
   Cash investment in
    fixed rate guaranteed
    investment contract      $ 10,604       $ 890    $      -      $ 11,494        $ 10,602     $     -       $ (263)     $ 10,339
                          ------------- ------------ ------------ ------------  ------------- ------------ ------------ ------------
    Total held-to-maturity     10,604         890           -        11,494          10,602           -         (263)       10,339

 Available-for-sale:
   Floating rate
    asset-backed securities    12,543           -        (345)       12,198          17,970           9            -        17,979
   Floating rate corporate
    debt securities           344,330           -      (1,464)      342,866         404,333           -         (589)      403,744
   Fixed rate corporate
    debt securities            34,000         552           -        34,552          34,000       1,560            -        35,560
   Fixed rate preferred
    stock                     186,799      11,511           -       198,310         166,581         637            -       167,218
   Floating rate mortgage-
    backed securities         207,394           -         (86)      207,308         337,622           -         (945)      336,677
                          ------------- ------------ ------------ ------------  ------------- ------------ ------------ ------------
    Total available-for-sale  785,066      12,063      (1,895)      795,234         960,506       2,206       (1,534)      961,178

 Trading:
   Adjustable rate mortgage-
    backed securities          23,944         627           -        24,571          35,575         599            -        36,174
                          ------------- ------------ ------------ ------------  ------------- ------------ ------------ ------------
    Total trading              23,944         627           -        24,571          35,575         599            -        36,174

    Total                   $ 819,614    $ 13,580    $ (1,895)    $ 831,299     $ 1,006,683     $ 2,805     $ (1,797)   $1,007,691
                         ------------- ------------ ------------ ------------   ------------- ------------ ------------ ------------
</TABLE>


The amortized cost, fair value and yield of investments by remaining contractual
maturity as of December 31, 2002 are set forth below. Asset- and mortgage-backed
securities  are included  based on their final  maturities,  although the actual
maturities may differ due to prepayments of the underlying  assets or mortgages.
Farmer Mac owns one  held-to-maturity  investment  that matures  after ten years
with an amortized  cost of $10.6 million,  a fair value of $11.5 million,  and a
yield of 6.15 percent.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                               Available-for-Sale                     Trading                             Total
                       --------------------------------  ----------------------------------  --------------------------------
                        Amortized                         Amortized                           Amortized
                          Cost      Fair Value   Yield      Cost        Fair Value   Yield       Cost     Fair Value   Yield
                       ----------- ------------ -------  ------------  ------------ -------  ----------- ------------ -------
                                                                (dollars in thousands)
<S>                    <C>          <C>         <C>      <C>           <C>          <C>      <C>         <C>          <C>
 Due within one year    $209,900     $210,270    2.83%       $ -           $ -        $ -     $ 209,900   $ 210,270    2.83%
 Due after one year
   through five years    178,467      176,841    1.99%         -             -          -       178,467     176,841    1.99%
 Due after five years
   through ten years     188,491      200,008    8.05%         -             -          -       188,491     200,008    8.05%
 Due after ten years     208,208      208,115    1.94%      23,944        24,571     5.38%      232,152     232,686    2.30%
                       ----------- ------------ -------  ------------  ------------ -------  ----------- ------------ -------
   Total                $785,066     $795,234    3.66%    $ 23,944      $ 24,571     5.38%    $ 809,010   $ 819,805    3.71%
                       ----------- ------------ -------  ------------  ------------ -------  ----------- ------------ -------
</TABLE>

5. FARMER MAC GUARANTEED SECURITIES

As of December 31, 2002 and 2001, Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities included the
following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                          As of December 31,
                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           2002                                             2001
                   ------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------------------
                                        Premiums,                                       Premiums,
                                      Discounts and                                   Discounts and
                                         Other                                           Other
                      Principal         Deferred       Amortized       Principal        Deferred       Amortized
                       Balance           Costs           Cost           Balance          Costs           Cost
                   ----------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ---------------
                                                              (in thousands)
<S>                <C>                <C>           <C>               <C>             <C>            <C>
 Farmer Mac I         $ 946,014        $ (2,375)      $ 943,639        $ 1,138,915     $ (2,906)      $ 1,136,009
 Farmer Mac II          578,681              73         578,754            516,746           59           516,805
                   ----------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ---------------
   Total            $ 1,524,695        $ (2,302)     $ 1,522,393       $ 1,655,661     $ (2,847)      $ 1,652,814
                   ----------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ---------------
</TABLE>

Farmer Mac estimates the fair value of its Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities by
discounting the projected cash flows at projected interest rates. Because the
cash flows may be interest rate path dependent, the values and projected
discount rates are derived using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The following
table sets forth the amortized costs, unrealized gains and losses and estimated
fair values of the Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities as of December 31, 2002 and
2001.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                   As of December 31,
                   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     2002                                      2001
                   ----------------------------------------    -----------------------------------------
                     Held-to-    Available-for-                  Held-to-   Available-for-
                     Maturity         Sale         Total         Maturity        Sale           Total
                   ----------- ----------------- -----------   ------------ ---------------- -----------
                                                       (in thousands)
<S>                <C>          <C>             <C>           <C>           <C>              <C>
 Amortized cost     $ 639,273    $ 883,120       $1,522,393    $ 589,775     $ 1,063,039      $1,652,814
 Unrealized gains      24,376       86,114          110,490       34,321          37,562          71,883
 Unrealized losses        -          -                 -             -              -              -
                   ----------- ----------------- -----------   ------------ ---------------- -----------
 Fair value         $ 663,649    $ 969,234       $1,632,883    $ 624,096     $ 1,100,601      $1,724,697
                   ----------- ----------------- -----------   ------------ ---------------- -----------
</TABLE>

Of the total Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities held by Farmer Mac as of December
31, 2002, $1.3 billion are fixed-rate or reprice after one year.

The amortized cost, fair value and yield of Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities by
remaining contractual maturity, although the actual maturities may differ due to
prepayments of the underlying  mortgage  loans,  as of December 31, 2002 are set
forth below.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  Held-to-Maturity                Available-for-Sale                      Total
                       ---------------------------------  --------------------------------   --------------------------------
                         Amortized                         Amortized                          Amortized
                           Cost     Fair Value   Yield       Cost      Fair Value   Yield        Cost     Fair Value   Yield
                       ----------- ------------ --------  ----------- ------------ -------   ----------- ------------ -------
                                                                  (dollars in thousands)
<S>                    <C>        <C>           <C>      <C>         <C>           <C>      <C>         <C>            <C>
 Due within one year     $ 35,345   $ 36,793     3.45%     $ 43,705    $ 46,488     6.98%      $ 79,050    $ 83,281     5.47%
 Due after one year
   through five years      53,496     56,767     5.45%       90,128      96,850     6.12%       143,624     153,617     5.95%
 Due after five years
   through ten years       87,124     90,434     4.59%      199,342     225,971     5.64%       286,466     316,405     5.39%
 Due after ten years      463,308    479,655     4.78%      549,945     599,925     5.56%     1,013,253   1,079,580     5.26%
                       ----------- ------------ --------  ----------- ------------ -------   ----------- ------------ -------
   Total                $ 639,273  $ 663,649     4.74%    $ 883,120   $ 969,234     5.70%    $1,522,393  $1,632,883     5.36%
                       ----------- ------------ --------  ----------- ------------ -------   ----------- ------------ -------
</TABLE>

The table below presents a sensitivity analysis for Farmer Mac's retained Farmer
Mac Guaranteed Securities as of December 31, 2002.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                 December 31, 2002
                                               ----------------------
                                               (dollars in thousands)

<S>                                              <C>
 Fair value of beneficial interests retained
    in Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities           $ 1,632,883

 Weighted-average remaining life                    4.7 years

 Weighted-average prepayment speed (annual rate)         10.6%
    Effect on fair value of a 10% adverse change      $(2,295)
    Effect on fair value of a 20% adverse change      $(4,369)

 Weighted-average discount rate                           5.3%
    Effect on fair value of a 10% adverse  change    $(22,332)
    Effect on fair value of a 20% adverse change     $(44,083)
</TABLE>

These  sensitivities  are  hypothetical  and  should be  viewed as such.  As the
figures  indicate,  changes in fair value  based on a 10  percent  variation  in
assumptions  generally  cannot be extrapolated  because the  relationship of the
change in  assumptions  to the change in fair value may not be linear.  Also, in
this table the effect of a  variation  in a  particular  assumption  on the fair
value  of the  retained  interest  is  calculated  without  changing  any  other
assumption. In fact, changes in one factor may result in changes in another (for
example,  increases in market  interest rates may result in lower  prepayments),
which might amplify or counteract the sensitivities.

Farmer Mac  securitizes  two types of assets:  agricultural  mortgage  loans and
USDA-guaranteed  portions. Farmer Mac manages the credit risk of its securitized
agricultural  mortgage loans, both on- and off-balance sheet,  together with its
on-balance sheet agricultural mortgage loans and the agricultural mortgage loans
underlying  its  off-balance  sheet  LTSPCs.  See  Note 8 for  more  information
regarding this credit risk. Due to the differing  interest rate and funding risk
characteristics  of on- and off-balance sheet asset classes,  Farmer Mac manages
its  on-balance   sheet   agricultural   mortgage  loans  held  and  securitized
differently from its off-balance sheet securitized  agricultural  mortgage loans
and off-balance sheet agricultural mortgage loans underlying LTSPCs.

Farmer Mac  separately  manages its  securitized  USDA-guaranteed  portions  and
manages  those  held on its  balance  sheet  differently  from  those  that  are
off-balance  sheet - also due to their differing  interest rate and funding risk
characteristics.

As part of  fulfilling  its  guarantee  obligations  for Farmer Mac I Guaranteed
Securities and commitments to purchase eligible loans underlying LTSPCs,  Farmer
Mac purchases  defaulted  loans, all of which are at least 90 days delinquent at
the time of  purchase,  out of those  securities  and  pools,  and  records  the
purchased loans as such on its balance sheet.

The  table  below   presents  the   outstanding   principal   balances,   90-day
delinquencies and net credit losses as of and for the periods indicated for each
managed asset class, both on- and off-balance sheet.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                            Total Principal            90-Day
                                Amount            Delinquencies (1)        Net Credit Losses
                         ----------------------  ------------------    --------------------------------
                                     As of December 31,                 For the Year Ended December 31,
                         -----------------------------------------     --------------------------------
                            2002          2001        2002      2001        2002      2001      2000
                         ------------  -----------  --------  --------  ----------- --------- ----------
                                                   (in thousands)
<S>                     <C>          <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>
 On-balance sheet assets:
 Farmer Mac I:
   Loans                   $ 949,378   $ 199,113   $ 54,679  $ 53,051    $ 3,728   $ 1,325      $ -
   Guaranteed Securities     946,014   1,138,915          -        -         368      (211)       -
 Farmer Mac II:
   Guaranteed Securities     578,681     516,747          -        -          -         -         -
                         ------------  -----------  -------- ---------  ----------- --------- ---------
    Total                $ 2,474,073  $1,854,775   $ 54,679  $ 53,051    $ 4,096   $ 1,114      $ -
                         ------------  -----------  -------- ---------  ----------- --------- ---------

 Off-balance sheet assets:
 Farmer Mac I:
   LTSPCs                $ 2,681,240  $1,884,260   $ 3,535   $ 1,485        $ -       $ -       $ -
   Guaranteed Securities     299,940     367,210        -         -           -      1,050        -
 Farmer Mac II:
   Guaranteed Securities      67,109      78,409        -         -           -         -         -
                        ------------  -----------  -------- ----------  ----------- --------- ---------
    Total                $ 3,048,289  $2,329,879   $ 3,535   $ 1,485        $ -    $ 1,050      $ -
                        ------------  -----------  -------- ----------  ----------- --------- ---------

    Total                $ 5,522,362  $4,184,654  $ 58,214  $ 54,536     $ 4,096   $ 2,164      $ -
                        ------------ -----------  -------- ----------   ----------- --------- ---------


(1)  Includes loans and loans  underlying  post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed
     Securities that are 90 days or more past due, in foreclosure,  restructured
     after  delinquency,  and in bankruptcy  excluding  loans  performing  under
     either their original loan terms or a court-approved bankruptcy plan.
</TABLE>

6. FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES

Farmer  Mac  enters   into   interest   rate  swap   contracts   to  adjust  the
characteristics  of Farmer Mac's debt to match more closely the  characteristics
of the Corporation's  assets and to derive an overall lower effective fixed-rate
cost of  borrowing  than  would  otherwise  be  available  to Farmer  Mac in the
conventional  debt  market.  Farmer Mac is also  required to  recognize  certain
contracts and  commitments  as  derivatives  when the  characteristics  of those
contracts and commitments  meet the definition of a derivative as promulgated by
SFAS 133. Farmer Mac enters into financial  derivatives as an end-user,  not for
trading or speculative  purposes.  As with any financial  instrument,  financial
derivatives have inherent risks: market risk and credit risk.

Market Risk:

Market risk is the risk of an adverse effect  resulting from changes in interest
rates or  spreads on the value of a  financial  instrument.  Farmer Mac  manages
market risk associated with financial derivatives by establishing and monitoring
limits  as to  the  degree  of  risk  that  may  be  undertaken.  This  risk  is
periodically measured as part of Farmer Mac's overall risk monitoring processes,
which include market value of equity measurements,  net interest income modeling
and other measures.

Credit Risk:

Credit risk is the risk that a  counterparty  will fail to perform  according to
the terms a  financial  contract  in which  Farmer Mac has an  unrealized  gain.
Credit losses could occur in the event of  non-performance  by counterparties to
the  financial  derivative  contracts.  Farmer Mac mitigates  this  counterparty
credit risk by dealing  with  counterparties  with high credit  ratings (no less
than BBB+ as of December 31,  2002),  establishing  and  maintaining  collateral
requirements and entering into netting  agreements.  Netting  agreements provide
for netting all amounts receivable and payable under all transactions covered by
the netting agreement between Farmer Mac and a single counterparty. Farmer Mac's
exposure to credit risk related to its financial  derivatives  is represented by
those  counterparties  for which Farmer Mac has a net receivable,  including the
effect of any netting  arrangements.  As of December  31, 2002 and 2001,  Farmer
Mac's credit exposure,  excluding netting arrangements was $0.4 million and $0.3
million, respectively;  however, including netting arrangements,  Farmer Mac had
no net receivables.  Conversely, financial derivatives in a net payable position
required Farmer Mac to pledge  securities as collateral of  approximately  $37.0
million as of  December  31,  2002.  Farmer Mac was not  required  to pledge any
securities as of December 31, 2001.

Interest Rate Risk:

Farmer Mac uses financial  derivatives to provide a cost- and  capital-efficient
way to manage its  interest  rate risk  exposure by modifying  the  repricing or
maturity characteristics of certain assets and liabilities and by locking in the
rates for certain  forecasted  issuances of liabilities.  The primary  financial
derivatives  Farmer  Mac uses  include  interest  rate  swaps and  forward  sale
contracts.  Farmer Mac uses  interest-rate  swaps to assume fixed rate  interest
payments  in  exchange  for  variable  rate  interest  payments  and vice versa.
Depending on the hedging  relationship,  the effects of these agreements are (a)
the  conversion  of  variable  rate   liabilities  to  longer-term   fixed  rate
liabilities,  (b) the conversion of long-term  fixed rate assets to shorter-term
variable rate assets,  or (c) the reduction of the variability of future changes
in interest rates on forecasted  issuances of  liabilities.  The net payments of
these  agreements  are charged to either  interest  expense or interest  income,
depending  on whether  the  agreement  is  designated  to hedge an  existing  or
forecasted liability or asset.

Fair Value Hedges:

Interest Rate Swaps:
Farmer Mac uses interest  rate swaps  primarily to offset the change in value of
certain  fixed rate  investments  and  liabilities  caused by  movements  in the
benchmark  interest rate (LIBOR).  In calculating  the effective  portion of the
fair  value  hedges  under SFAS 133,  the change in fair value of the  financial
derivative is recognized currently in earnings, as is the change in the value of
the hedged items  attributable  to the risk being hedged.  Accordingly,  the net
difference  or hedge  ineffectiveness,  if any, is  recognized  currently in the
consolidated  statement of operations as a gain or loss on financial derivatives
and trading assets. Fair value hedge ineffectiveness for each of the years ended
December 31, 2002 and 2001 was not significant.

Forward Sale Agreements:
Loans held for sale expose Farmer Mac to interest rate risk.  Farmer Mac manages
this   risk   for   certain   loans   held   for   sale   by   selling   forward
government-sponsored enterprise debt and mortgage backed securities. The changes
in fair values of the hedged  loans and the related  financial  derivatives  are
recorded  in the  consolidated  statements  of  operations  as a gain or loss on
financial  derivatives and trading assets.  The net change in the fair values of
loans held for sale and the related financial  derivatives for each of the years
ended December 31, 2002 and 2001 was not significant.

The following  table  summarizes  information  related to Farmer Mac's financial
derivatives in fair value hedge relationships as of December 31, 2002:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                         Weighted-
                                                                                  Weighted-     Weighted-    Weighted-    Average
                                                            Fair Value            Average       Average      Average     Remaining
                                         Notional    --------------------------     Pay         Receive      Forward       Life
                                          Amount        Asset      (Liability)      Rate          Rate         Price    (in Years)
                                       ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------  ------------ ----------- ------------
                                                                           (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                   <C>             <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>         <C>
 Medium-term notes:
    Pay variable interest rate swaps    $ 85,000         317             -          2.72%         4.76%            -        7.08
 Loans:
    Agency forwards                       20,958           -           (81)             -             -         1.06        0.04
                                       ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------  ------------
       Total fair value hedges         $ 105,958       $ 317         $ (81)         2.72%         4.76%
                                       ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------  ------------
</TABLE>


SFAS 133 also  required a $1.1 million  increase in the line item "loans" on the
consolidated  balance sheet as of December 31, 2002,  due to the  recognition of
the change in the fair value of a hedged item.

Cash Flow Hedges:

Interest Rate Swaps:
Farmer Mac uses  interest  rate swaps to hedge the  variability  of future  cash
flows  associated  with  existing   variable  rate  liabilities  and  forecasted
issuances  of  liabilities.  With  respect  to  the  variable  rate  liabilities
(discount  notes) on the  December  31,  2002  balance  sheet,  Farmer  Mac uses
interest rate swaps to hedge the risk of changes in the benchmark  rate (LIBOR),
which affects the amount of future payments to be made on discount  notes.  With
respect to the hedging of the forecasted  issuance of discount notes, Farmer Mac
utilizes  interest  rate  swaps  with a  longer  maturity  than  the  underlying
liabilities. The use of interest rate swap contracts with longer maturities than
the underlying  liabilities  allows Farmer Mac to hedge both the risk of changes
in the benchmark  rate (LIBOR) on existing  liabilities  and the  replacement of
such liabilities upon maturity.  These cash flow hedge relationships are treated
as  effective  hedges as long as the  future  issuances  of  liabilities  remain
probable and the hedges  continue to meet the  requirements  of SFAS 133. Farmer
Mac expects to hedge the forecasted  issuance of liabilities  over a period that
ranges from a minimum of 1 year to a maximum of 15 years.

Farmer Mac measures the  ineffectiveness  of cash flow hedges in accordance with
SFAS  133  and  reports  this  amount,  if any,  as a gain or loss on  financial
derivatives and trading assets in the consolidated statement of operations.  The
ineffectiveness  for each of the years ended  December 31, 2002 and 2001 was not
significant.

Basis Swaps:
Farmer  Mac uses basis  swaps to create  comparable  asset-liability  positions.
Specifically,  Farmer Mac uses  basis  swaps to hedge  combined  asset-liability
positions  in which an asset and a  liability  with  variable  cash  flows  have
different interest rate bases. Basis swaps are used to convert the interest rate
index of the asset to the same  index as the  variable  rate  liability  or vice
versa. These swaps are treated as effective hedge  relationships if the index of
one leg of the swap is the same as the  index of the  identified  asset  and the
index of the other  leg of the swap is the same as the  index of the  identified
liability.  Farmer Mac measures  ineffectiveness  for basis swaps in  accordance
with SFAS 133 and reports this amount as a gain or loss on financial derivatives
and  trading  assets  in  the   consolidated   statement  of   operations.   The
ineffectiveness  for each of the years ended  December 31, 2002 and 2001 was not
significant.

A  significant  proportion  of Farmer Mac's  outstanding  basis swaps are with a
related  party.  See Note 3 for  additional  information  on these related party
transactions.

Forward Sale Agreements and Future Contracts:
Farmer Mac uses forward sale contracts involving government-sponsored enterprise
debt instruments and mortgage backed securities and futures contracts  involving
U.S. Treasury securities to reduce the variability of future changes in interest
rates  on   forecasted   issuances   of   liabilities.   Farmer   Mac   measures
ineffectiveness   in   accordance   with  the   provisions   of  SFAS  133.  The
ineffectiveness  for each of the years ended  December 31, 2002 and 2001 was not
significant.  The  effective  portion  of the  change  in fair  value  of  these
contracts is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive  income/(loss),  net of
tax. The amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive  income/(loss) will
be recognized in the statements of operations as the hedged  transactions affect
earnings.

The following table summarizes  information related to financial  derivatives in
cash flow hedging relationships, as of December 31, 2002:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                                          Weighted-
                                                                                     Weighted-    Weighted-   Weighted-    Average
                                                               Fair Value             Average      Average     Average    Remaining
                                           Notional     --------------------------     Pay         Receive     Forward       Life
                                            Amount         Asset      (Liability)      Rate         Rate        Price     (in Years)
                                        --------------- ------------  ------------  ------------ ----------- ---------- ------------
                                                                              (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                    <C>                  <C>      <C>              <C>           <C>          <C>        <C>
 Discount notes or medium-term notes:
    Pay fixed interest rate swaps         $ 642,798          $ -      $(76,316)        5.92%         1.68%           -        8.81
    Agency forwards                          41,218            -          (463)            -             -        1.03        0.06
 Loans or Farmer Mac Guaranteed
  Securities and discount notes:
    Basis swaps                             326,846            -       (11,703)        5.64%         2.10%           -       12.42
                                        --------------- ------------  ------------  ------------ -----------
       Total cash flow hedges           $ 1,010,862          $ -      $(88,482)        5.83%         1.82%
                                        --------------- ------------  ------------  ------------ -----------
</TABLE>


As of December  31,  2002,  Farmer Mac had  approximately  $62.7  million of net
after-tax  unrealized  losses on cash flow hedges included in accumulated  other
comprehensive income/(loss). These amounts will be reclassified into earnings in
the same  period or  periods  during  which the hedged  forecasted  transactions
(either the payment of interest or issuance of discount  notes) affect  earnings
or  immediately  when it becomes  probable that the original  hedged  forecasted
transaction will not occur within two months of the originally specified date.

During the next 12 months,  Farmer Mac expects to reclassify  approximately $7.0
million of the net after-tax  unrealized  losses  included in accumulated  other
comprehensive income/(loss) as of December 31, 2002.

Other Financial Derivatives:

Farmer  Mac  employs  certain  hedging  strategies  that do not meet  the  hedge
accounting criteria in SFAS 133. These financial derivatives are recorded on the
balance  sheet at fair  value as  freestanding  assets  or  liabilities  and the
related changes in fair value are recognized in the  consolidated  statements of
operations as gains or losses on financial derivatives and trading assets.

The  following  table  summarizes  information  related  to Farmer  Mac's  other
financial derivatives as of December 31, 2002:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                                          Weighted-
                                                                                      Weighted-    Weighted-   Weighted-   Average
                                                                  Fair Value           Average      Average     Average   Remaining
                                             Notional     --------------------------    Pay         Receive     Strike      Life
                                              Amount         Asset      (Liability)     Rate         Rate        Price    (in Years)
                                          --------------- ------------  ------------ ------------ ----------- ---------- -----------
                                                                                 (dollars in thousands)

<S>                                       <C>                 <C>      <C>              <C>           <C>        <C>         <C>
 Pay fixed interest rate swaps              $ 90,259           $ -      $ (4,968)        5.35%         1.63%        -         4.23
 Basis swaps                                  23,944             -          (783)        5.38%         1.70%        -         4.30
 Purchased caps                              345,000             -             -             -             -      8.50%       1.23
                                          --------------  ------------  ------------  ------------  ------------
       Total other financial derivatives   $ 459,203           $ -      $ (5,751)        5.35%         1.64%
                                          --------------  ------------  ------------  ------------  ------------
</TABLE>


For the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2001, Farmer Mac reported $4.4 million
and $0.8 million,  respectively,  of losses on financial derivatives that do not
qualify for hedge accounting and trading assets in the  consolidated  statements
of operations.

7. NOTES PAYABLE

Farmer Mac's borrowings consist of discount notes and medium-term notes, both of
which are unsecured  general  obligations  of the  Corporation.  Discount  notes
generally have maturities of one year or less,  whereas  medium-term  notes have
maturities of one to 15 years.

The following table sets forth  information  related to Farmer Mac's  borrowings
for 2002 and 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        2002                                                 2001
                 ----------------------------------------------------------  ---------------------------------------------------


                  Outstanding as of    Average Outstanding     Maximum        Outstanding as of   Average Outstanding    Maximum
                  December 31, 2002       During Year       Outstanding at    December 31, 2001       During Year     Outstanding at
                 ------------------- ---------------------      Any          ------------------- -------------------      Any
                   Amount    Rate       Amount    Rate        Month End        Amount    Rate       Amount    Rate      Month End
                 --------- --------- ---------- ---------- ----------------  --------- --------- ---------- --------- ------------
                                                               (dollars in thousands)
<S>              <C>         <C>     <C>         <C>        <C>             <C>          <C>      <C>         <C>      <C>
 Due within one
  year:
  Discount notes  $2,777,206  2.71%   $2,533,762  2.65%      $2,815,784      $2,197,427   2.80%    $2,175,087  4.39%    $2,240,965
  Current portion
   of medium-
   term notes        118,540   4.61%                                             35,840   6.07%
                 ----------- ---------                                       ----------- --------
                   2,895,746   2.79%                                          2,233,267   2.85%

 Due after one
  year:
  Medium-term
   notes due in:
   2003                    -       -                                             83,326   5.70%
   2004              153,753   4.57%                                            121,309   5.40%
   2005              245,664   5.61%                                            148,469   6.62%
   2006              157,227   5.70%                                            119,138   5.82%
   2007               59,014   5.36%                                             12,700   7.41%
   2008               68,872   5.56%                                             70,514   5.67%
   Thereafter        300,788   6.57%                                            413,007   6.28%
                 ------------ --------                                       ----------- --------
                     985,318   5.74%                                            968,463   6.09%
                 ------------ --------                                       ----------- --------
   Total          $3,881,064   3.54%                                         $3,201,730   3.83%
                 ------------ --------                                       ----------- --------
</TABLE>

Certain of Farmer Mac's  medium-term  notes are  callable.  Callable  notes give
Farmer Mac the option to redeem the notes at par value on a specified  call date
or at any time on or after a specified call date. The following table summarizes
the  maturities,  amounts  and costs  for  callable  notes by call  period as of
December 31, 2002.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            Callable Debt as of
                             December 31, 2002
                 -----------------------------------------
                  Maturity       Amount          Rate
                 ------------ --------------  ------------
                          (dollars in thousands)
<S>            <C>            <C>              <C>
 Callable in:
   2003         2003-2006      $ 83,700         3.95%
   2004           2011            3,400         5.80%

                            --------------  ------------
                               $ 87,100         4.02%
                            --------------  ------------
</TABLE>

The  following  schedule   summarizes  the  earliest  repricing  date  of  total
borrowings   outstanding  as  of  December  31,  2002,  including  callable  and
non-callable  medium-term  notes,  assuming  callable  notes are redeemed at the
initial call date.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                         Earliest Repricing Date of
                           Borrowings Outstanding
                        -----------------------------
                                          Weighted-
                                           Average
                            Amount          Rate
                        ---------------  ------------
                           (dollars in thousands)
<S>                     <C>                 <C>
 Debt repricing in:
  2003                   $ 2,944,446         2.36%
  2004                       157,153         4.59%
  2005                       234,664         5.70%
  2006                       119,527         5.64%
  2007                        59,014         5.36%
  2008                        68,872         5.56%
  Thereafter                 297,388         6.58%
                        ---------------  ------------
      Total              $ 3,881,064         3.18%
                        ---------------  ------------
</TABLE>

During  2002 and 2001,  Farmer Mac called  $49.3  million  and $57.7  million of
callable medium-term notes, respectively.

Authority to Borrow from the Treasury of the United States

Farmer  Mac's  statutory  charter  authorizes  Farmer Mac to borrow,  in extreme
circumstances,  up to $1.5  billion  from  the  Secretary  of the  Treasury,  if
necessary,  to fulfill its obligations under any guarantee.  The debt would bear
interest at a rate determined by the Secretary of the Treasury based on the then
current cost of funds to the United States.  The charter requires the debt to be
repaid  within a reasonable  time.  To date,  Farmer Mac has not  utilized  this
borrowing authority.

Extraordinary Gains and Losses

During first quarter 2002,  Farmer Mac recognized a net after-tax  extraordinary
gain of  $1.6  million  resulting  from  the  repurchase  of  $43.8  million  of
outstanding Farmer Mac debt. During second quarter 2002, Farmer Mac recognized a
net after-tax  extraordinary  gain of $0.6 million resulting from the repurchase
of $18.9 million of  outstanding  Farmer Mac debt.  During fourth  quarter 2002,
Farmer  Mac  recognized  a net  after-tax  extraordinary  loss of  $1.3  million
resulting from the  repurchase of $41.0 million of outstanding  Farmer Mac debt.
All of these  repurchases  were  from  outstanding  Farmer  Mac debt  that had a
maturity  date of October 14, 2011 and an interest  rate of 5.4  percent.  These
debt securities  were replaced with new fixed-rate  funding to the same maturity
dates  at  more  attractive   interest  rates,   which  preserves  Farmer  Mac's
asset-liability  match and reduces  future  interest  expense.  The combined net
after-tax extraordinary gain resulting from the repurchase of outstanding Farmer
Mac debt in 2002 was $0.9 million.


8. ALLOWANCE FOR LOSSES AND CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK

Allowance for Losses

Farmer  Mac  maintains  an  allowance  for  losses to cover  probable  estimated
principal  and interest  losses on all loans held  (allowance  for loan losses),
loans  underlying  post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities  and LTSPCs
(reserve  for  losses)  and real  estate  owned (REO  valuation  allowance).  No
allowance  for losses has been  provided for Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities
issued  prior to the 1996 Act or for  Farmer Mac II  Securities.  See Note 2(e),
Note 2(j), Note 5 and Note 12 for more  information  about Farmer Mac Guaranteed
Securities.

The allowance for losses is increased  through  periodic  provisions  for losses
charged to  expense  and  reduced  by  charge-offs  for  actual  losses,  net of
recoveries   that  are  recognized  if  liquidation   proceeds  exceed  previous
estimates.  Charge-offs  represent losses on the outstanding  principal balance,
any interest  payments  previously  accrued or advanced  and  expected  costs of
liquidation.

The  following is a summary of the changes in the  allowance for losses for each
year in the three-year period ended December 31, 2002:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    ---------------------------------------------------------
                                      Allowance         REO                        Total
                                      for Loan       Valuation      Reserve      Allowance
                                       Losses        Allowance     for Losses    for Losses
                                    -------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
                                                           (in thousands)
<S>                                   <C>              <C>        <C>           <C>
 Balances as of January 1, 2000        $ 120            $ -         $ 6,464       $ 6,584
     Provision for losses                300              -           4,439         4,739
     Net charge-offs                       -              -             -             -
                                    -------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
 Balances as of December 31, 2000      $ 420            $ -        $ 10,903      $ 11,323
                                    -------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
     Provision for losses                600              -           6,125         6,725
     Net allocation of
       allowance                          (5)           (61)             66             -
     Net charge-offs                     337             61          (2,562)       (2,164)
                                    -------------- -------------- ------------- -------------

 Balances as of December 31, 2001      $ 1,352            $ -      $ 14,532      $ 15,884
                                    -------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
     Provision for losses                1,340              -         6,883         8,223
     Net allocation of
       allowance                         3,221          1,284        (4,505)            -
     Net charge-offs                    (3,251)          (692)         (153)       (4,096)
                                    -------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
 Balances as of December 31, 2002      $ 2,662          $ 592      $ 16,757      $ 20,011
                                    -------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
</TABLE>

All loans that  Farmer Mac  purchases,  issues  guarantees  with  respect to, or
commits to purchase under an LTSPC in the Farmer Mac I program are  underwritten
for conformance to Farmer Mac's underwriting and appraisal  standards and Farmer
Mac believes the credit risk is the same.  Accordingly,  management  establishes
general  allowances  for loans held and loans  underlying  LTSPCs and Farmer Mac
Guaranteed Securities collectively.

The following  table presents  Farmer Mac's reserve for losses for all post-1996
Act  Farmer  Mac I  Guaranteed  Securities  and LTSPCs on a pro rata basis as of
December 31, 2002 and 2001.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                              Reserve for Losses on LTSPCs and
                      Post-1996 Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                   December 31,       December 31,
                                                                       2002               2001
                                                                 -----------------   ----------------
                                                                          (in thousands)
<S>                                                                <C>                <C>
 On-balance sheet Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities                 $ 4,036            $ 6,030
 Off-balance sheet Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities                  1,280              1,890
 LTSPCs                                                               11,441              6,612
                                                                 -----------------   ----------------
   Total reserve for losses                                         $ 16,757           $ 14,532
                                                                 -----------------   ----------------
</TABLE>

When certain  criteria are met, such as the default of the borrower,  Farmer Mac
has the option to purchase the defaulted loans underlying  Farmer Mac Guaranteed
Securities  and is  obligated  to  purchase  those  underlying  an LTSPC.  These
acquisitions are recorded in the consolidated financial statements at their fair
value.  Fair value is  determined  by appraisal or other  appropriate  valuation
method.  In September  2002,  Farmer Mac adopted EITF 02-9,  which requires that
Farmer Mac record at acquisition the difference  between each loan's acquisition
cost and its fair value, if any, as a charge to the reserve for losses. Prior to
the adoption of EITF 02-9, any specific  allowance that had been established for
the  off-balance  sheet  obligation  would be  transferred  from the reserve for
losses to the allowance for loan losses  (referred to as "net  allocation of the
allowance"  in the  table  above).  Upon  the  receipt  of each  loan's  updated
appraisal or estimation of value, the difference between the acquisition cost of
the loan and its fair value,  if any, was recorded as a charge to the  allowance
for loan losses.

A portion of the  allowance  for losses is  specifically  allocated  to impaired
loans when the fair value of the collateral, less the estimated selling cost, is
less than the cost basis in the loan.  The balance of impaired  loans,  both on-
and off-balance sheet, and the related allowance specifically allocated to those
impaired  loans as of December 31, 2002 and 2001 are summarized in the following
table:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       2002                                   2001
                                      --------------------------------------  ---------------------------------------
                                        Balance     Allowance   Net Balance     Balance      Allowance   Net Balance
                                      ------------ ------------ ------------  ------------  ----------- -------------
                                                                      (in thousands)
<S>                                     <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>
 Impaired loans with:
   Specific allowance for losses         $ 12,137     $ (2,036)    $ 10,101    $ 11,174     $ (3,450)     $ 7,724
   No specific allowance for losses        63,171            -       63,171      47,105            -       47,105
                                      ------------ ------------ ------------ -----------  ----------- ------------
    Total                                $ 75,308     $ (2,036)    $ 73,272    $ 58,279     $ (3,450)    $ 54,829
                                      ------------ ------------ ------------ -----------  ----------- ------------
</TABLE>

In accordance  with the terms of all  applicable  trust  agreements,  Farmer Mac
acquires  all loans that  collateralize  Farmer Mac  Guarantee  Securities  that
become and remain 90 days or more past due on the next  subsequent  loan payment
date.  During 2002,  Farmer Mac purchased 79 defaulted  loans having a principal
balance of $46.4 million from pools underlying Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities
and LTSPCs.  During 2001,  Farmer Mac made 12 such purchases for a total of $8.3
million.  The following table presents Farmer Mac's purchases of defaulted loans
underlying Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                         For the Year Ended
                                           December  31,
                                       ---------------------
                                          2002       2001
                                       ---------- ----------
                                          (in thousands)
<S>                                    <C>         <C>
 Defaulted loans purchased underlying
   off-balance sheet Farmer Mac I
   Guaranteed Securities                $17,386     $6,005

 Defaulted loans underlying
   on-balance sheet Farmer Mac I
   Guaranteed Securities transferred
   to loans
                                         25,675        526
 Defaulted loans purchased underlying
   underlying LTSPCs
                                          3,386      1,751
                                       ---------- ----------
 Total                                  $46,447     $8,282
                                       ---------- ----------
</TABLE>

Farmer Mac recognized interest income on impaired loans of approximately $0.6
million and $1.7 million during the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2001,
respectively. During 2002, Farmer Mac's average investment in impaired loans and
loans underlying on-balance sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities was $71.0
million.

<PAGE>


Concentrations of Credit Risk

The following table sets forth the geographic and commodity diversification,  as
well as the  range  of  loan-to-value  ratios,  for all  loans  held  and  loans
underlying  post-1996  Act Farmer Mac I Guaranteed  Securities  and LTSPCs as of
December 31, 2002 and 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       As of December 31,
                              ---------------------------------
                                   2002               2001
                              ---------------    --------------
                                       (in thousands)
<S>                             <C>               <C>
 By geographic region (1):
     Northwest                   $ 1,167,331       $ 1,100,423
     Southwest                     2,273,846         1,489,882
     Mid-North                       518,439           423,044
     Mid-South                       233,997           136,623
     Northeast                       298,340           196,267
     Southeast                       329,681           163,009
                               ---------------   ---------------
       Total                     $ 4,821,634       $ 3,509,248
                               ---------------   ---------------
 By commodity:
     Crops                       $ 2,085,963       $ 1,568,976
     Livestock                       987,533           672,364
     Permanent plantings           1,341,165         1,061,209
     Part-time farms                 367,823           160,146
     Other                            39,150            46,553
                               ---------------   ---------------
       Total                     $ 4,821,634       $ 3,509,248
                                ---------------   ---------------
 By loan-to-value:
       0.00% to 40.00%           $ 1,246,891         $ 899,226
      40.01% to 50.00%             1,046,915           753,382
      50.01% to 60.00%             1,339,891           898,810
      60.01% to 70.00%             1,066,419           859,084
      70.01% to 80.00%               106,493            84,476
      80.01% to 90.00%                15,025            14,270
                               ---------------   ---------------
       Total                     $ 4,821,634       $ 3,509,248
                               ---------------   ---------------

(1)  Geographic regions:  Mid-North (IA, IL, IN, MI, MN, MO, WI); Mid-South (KS,
     OK, TX); Northeast (CT, DE, KY, MA, MD, ME, NC, NH, NJ, NY, OH, PA, RI, TN,
     VA, VT, WV); Northwest (AK, ID, MT, ND, NE, OR, SD, WA, WY); Southeast (AL,
     AR, FL, GA, LA, MS, SC); Southwest (AZ, CA, CO, HI, NM, NV, UT).

</TABLE>

Loan-to-value ratios are based on collateral values at origination of the loan
and are calculated by dividing the loan principal balance at the time of
guarantee, purchase or commitment by the appraised value at the date of loan
origination or, when available, an updated appraised value at the time of
guarantee, purchase or commitment. Current loan-to-value ratios may be higher or
lower than the original loan-to-value ratios.

<PAGE>

9. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Common Stock

Farmer Mac has three classes of common stock outstanding:

     o    Class  A  voting  common  stock,  which  may be held  only  by  banks,
          insurance  companies  and  other  financial  institutions  or  similar
          entities  that are not  institutions  of the Farm  Credit  System.  By
          statute,  no holder of Class A voting  common  stock may  directly  or
          indirectly  be a  beneficial  owner  of more  than 33  percent  of the
          outstanding shares of Class A voting common stock;
     o    Class B voting common stock, which may be held only by institutions of
          the Farm  Credit  System.  There are no  restrictions  on the  maximum
          holdings of Class B voting common stock; and
     o    Class C non-voting common stock, which has no ownership restrictions.

Dividends  have not been paid to any  common  stockholders  nor does  Farmer Mac
expect to pay  dividends in the  foreseeable  future.  Farmer  Mac's  ability to
declare  and pay a  dividend  could be  restricted  if it failed to comply  with
regulatory capital requirements.

Preferred Stock

On May 6, 2002 the Corporation  issued 700,000 shares of 6.40 percent Cumulative
Preferred  Stock,  Series  A,  which  has a  redemption  price  and  liquidation
preference of $50.00 per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. The preferred
stock does not have a maturity date.  Beginning on June 30, 2012, Farmer Mac has
the option to redeem the  preferred  stock at any time,  in whole or in part, at
the  redemption  price of $50.00 per share,  plus  accrued and unpaid  dividends
through and including the redemption date. Farmer Mac pays cumulative  dividends
on the preferred stock  quarterly in arrears,  when and if declared by the board
of  directors.  The  costs of  issuing  the  preferred  stock  were  charged  to
additional paid-in capital.

Stock Option Plan

In 1992 and 1996,  Farmer Mac adopted stock option plans for officers to acquire
shares of Class C non-voting  common stock.  Under the 1992 plan,  stock options
granted were  exercisable  immediately,  and, if not  exercised,  will expire 10
years from the date of grant. The exercise price of options under the 1992 plan,
which were granted in 1992 and 1993, is $2.19 per share.  The maximum  number of
options that could be issued  under the 1992 plan was 345,000,  315,000 of which
were issued,  net of  cancellations.  Under the 1996 plan, stock options awarded
under the plan  vested  annually  in thirds,  with the last  installment  having
vested in June 1998. If not exercised,  any options  granted under the 1996 plan
will  expire 10 years  from the date of grant.  The  exercise  price of  options
granted under the 1996 plan,  which were issued in 1996,  is $2.63.  The maximum
number of options that could be issued  under the 1996 plan was 338,490,  all of
which were issued.

In 1997, Farmer Mac adopted a new stock option plan for directors,  officers and
other employees, the terms of which are generally the same as for the 1996 plan,
except that options  issued to directors  since June 1, 1998, if not  exercised,
will  expire  five  years  from  the  date of  grant.  Of the  3,750,000  shares
authorized to be issued under the 1997 plan,  1,686,292 have been issued, net of
cancellations.  Options  granted  under the 1997 plan during 2002 have  exercise
prices  ranging from $26.25 to $45.06 per share.  For all stock options  granted
under all three of  Farmer  Mac's  plans,  the  exercise  price was equal to the
closing price of the Class C common stock on or immediately  preceding the grant
date.

The following table summarizes stock option activity for 2002 and 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                2002                            2001
                                     ------------------------------  --------------------------
                                                      Weighted-                     Weighted-
                                                       Average                       Average
                                                       Exercise                      Exercise
                                        Shares          Price           Shares        Price
                                     -------------  ---------------  -------------  -----------
<S>                                   <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>
 Outstanding, beginning of year        1,416,426      $ 17.61         1,546,896      $ 13.39
 Granted                                 270,421        28.97           278,411        31.17
 Exercised                               (39,736)       15.64          (382,588)       10.60
 Canceled                                (10,000)       31.24           (26,293)       17.77
                                     -------------  ---------------  -------------  -----------
 Outstanding, end of year              1,637,111      $ 19.45         1,416,426      $ 17.61
                                     -------------  ---------------  -------------  -----------

 Options exercisable at year end       1,368,884                      1,079,052
                                     -------------                   -------------
</TABLE>

The  cancellations  of stock  options  during 2002 and 2001 were due to unvested
options  terminating in accordance  with the provisions of the applicable  stock
option plans upon directors' or employees' departures from Farmer Mac.


The following table summarizes  information  regarding options outstanding as of
December 31, 2002:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Options
                   Options Outstanding        Exercisable
              ------------------------------ --------------
                                 Weighted-
                                 Average
                                 Remaining
   Exercise      Number of      Contractual     Number of
     Price         Shares          Life          Shares
 ------------- -------------- --------------- --------------
<S><C>         <C>              <C>            <C>
    $ 2.19         90,000        0.5 years         90,000
      2.63        165,087        3.5 years        165,087
     11.83         63,312        4.5 years         63,312
     12.67          1,200        5.7 years          1,200
     12.92          4,050        4.6 years          4,050
     15.13        340,881        6.5 years        340,881
     16.38         25,813        7.7 years         25,813
     18.13          5,000        7.8 years          5,000
     18.25          3,300        4.9 years          3,300
     19.38         20,213        6.7 years         20,213
     20.00        140,886        3.7 years        140,886
     21.19          3,000        7.9 years          3,000
     22.08        237,495        5.0 years        237,495
     22.94          1,500        6.6 years          1,500
     26.20          2,000        8.2 years          1,000
     26.25         15,000        9.7 years          5,000
     26.92            500        8.3 years            250
     27.75          3,000        8.1 years          1,500
     29.10        247,255        8.1 years         82,419
     29.56          1,000        9.7 years              -
     31.02          4,627        8.5 years          3,100
     31.20          8,750        8.7 years          5,833
     31.24        250,042        7.0 years        166,695
     31.50          1,500        8.4 years            750
     34.90          1,000        8.7 years            500
     34.91            200        8.7 years            100
     45.06            500        9.3 years              -
              --------------                   ------------
                1,637,111                       1,368,884
              --------------                   -------------
</TABLE>

The weighted-average  fair values of options granted in 2002, 2001 and 2000 were
$13.50, $11.61 and $6.13, respectively,  which under the fair value-based method
of accounting for  stock-based  compensation  cost would have reduced net income
available to common stockholders by $2.4 million,  $2.1 million and $1.9 million
for 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.  The fair values were estimated using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model based on the following assumptions:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    2002        2001          2000
                                 -----------  ----------   -----------
<S>                              <C>         <C>           <C>
 Risk-free interest rate             5.2%        5.4%          6.3%
 Expected years until exercise    5 years     5 years       5 years
 Expected stock volatility          40.0%       47.1%         42.7%
 Dividend yield                      0.0%        0.0%          0.0%
</TABLE>
<PAGE>



Restricted Stock

In addition to stock options, the Corporation,  by authorization of the board of
directors,  may issue restricted  stock to employees.  Restricted stock entitles
participants to all the rights of a stockholder,  except that some of the shares
awarded are subject to forfeiture if the  participant  is not employed by Farmer
Mac at the end of the  restriction  period and other  shares are not  subject to
forfeiture but may not be disposed of by the participant  during the restriction
period. The vesting or restriction period is usually one to two years. The value
of restricted  stock granted to employees is amortized over the vesting  period.
During  2002,  2001 and 2000,  32,338,  28,602 and 53,974  shares of  restricted
stock,  respectively,  were granted,  resulting in compensation  expense of $0.9
million,  $0.9 million and $0.8 million being  recognized  during the respective
years.

10. INCOME TAXES

The  components of the  provision  for federal  income taxes for the years ended
December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                2002           2001           2000
            -------------  -------------  -------------
                           (in thousands)
<S>         <C>            <C>             <C>
 Current     $ 12,289       $ 10,669        $ 7,602
 Deferred      (2,959)        (2,250)        (1,853)
            -------------  -------------  -------------
              $ 9,330        $ 8,419        $ 5,749
            -------------  -------------  -------------


</TABLE>

A  reconciliation  of tax at the  statutory  federal  tax rate to the income tax
provision for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                      2002        2001         2000
                                   ----------- -----------  -----------
                                              (in thousands)
<S>                                <C>          <C>          <C>
 Tax expense at statutory rate      $ 10,917     $ 8,899      $ 5,665
 Effect of non-taxable
    dividend income                   (1,596)       (386)           -
 Other                                     9         (94)          84
                                   ----------- -----------  -----------
 Income tax expense                  $ 9,330     $ 8,419      $ 5,749
                                   ----------- -----------  -----------
 Statutory tax rate                    35.0%       35.0%        35.0%
 Effective tax rate                    29.9%       33.1%        35.5%
</TABLE>

The  components  of the deferred tax assets and  liabilities  as of December 31,
2002 and 2001 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        2002         2001
                                                    ------------ -----------
                                                         (in thousands)

<S>                                                   <C>         <C>
 Deferred tax assets:
  Reserve for losses on guaranteed securities          $ 7,004     $ 5,639
  Unrealized loss on financial derivatives
    designated as cash flow hedges                      33,777       8,532
  Other                                                  2,442         848
                                                   ------------ -----------
    Total deferred tax assets                           43,223      15,019
 Deferred tax liability:
  Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities      33,557      13,153
                                                   ------------ -----------
    Total deferred tax liability                        33,557      13,153
                                                   ------------ -----------
 Net deferred tax asset                                $ 9,666     $ 1,866
                                                   ------------ -----------
</TABLE>

A valuation  allowance  is required to reduce the net  deferred  tax asset to an
amount that is more likely than not to be realized.  No valuation  allowance was
considered necessary as of December 31, 2002 and 2001.

11. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

On December 28, 1989, Farmer Mac adopted a defined contribution  retirement plan
for all of its employees.  Through 2001,  Farmer Mac contributed 13.2 percent of
the lesser of an individual's gross salary or $170,000,  plus 5.7 percent of the
difference  between (1) the lesser of the gross  salary or $170,000  and (2) the
Social  Security   Taxable  Wage  Base.  The  Economic  Growth  and  Tax  Relief
Reconciliation  Act of 2001  increased  the $170,000 to  $200,000,  adjusted for
inflation, beginning in 2002. Employees in service prior to December 7, 2000 are
fully vested in contributions  made to the plan after they have been employed by
Farmer Mac for two years.  Employees  beginning service on and after December 7,
2000 are fully vested after they have been employed for three years. Expense for
this plan for the years ended  December  31, 2002,  2001 and 2000 was  $384,000,
$376,000 and $327,000, respectively.

12. OFF-BALANCE SHEET GUARANTEES AND LTSPCs, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Farmer Mac offers approved  agricultural and rural residential  mortgage lenders
two Farmer Mac I off-balance  sheet  alternatives to increase their liquidity or
lending  capacity while  retaining the cash flow benefits of their loans.  To be
eligible for these Farmer Mac I secondary market transactions,  a loan must meet
Farmer  Mac's  credit  underwriting,   appraisal  and  documentation  standards.
Accordingly,  Farmer Mac  believes  the credit  risk it assumes in each of these
transaction alternatives is the same.

Off-Balance Sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities

Periodically Farmer Mac transfers  agricultural  mortgage loans into trusts that
are used as vehicles for the  securitization  of the transferred  assets and the
beneficial  interests in the loans are sold to third party investors.  The table
below summarizes certain cash flows received from and paid to these trusts.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                        Year ended December 31,
                                     -------------------------------
                                       2002       2001       2000
                                     --------- ---------- ----------
                                            (in thousands)

<S>                                  <C>      <C>       <C>
 Proceeds from new securitizations    $47,682  $ 82,995  $ 159,910
 Guarantee fees received                  775       579        250
 Purchase of assets from the trusts    17,386     6,005      2,273
 Servicing advances                     1,235       819         64
 Repayments of servicing advances       1,134        52          -
</TABLE>

Farmer Mac is liable  under its  guarantee  to ensure that the  securities  make
timely  payments to investors of principal and interest  based on the underlying
loans, regardless of whether the trust has actually received such scheduled loan
payments.  As  consideration  for Farmer Mac's  assumption of the credit risk on
these  mortgage  pass-through  certificates,   Farmer  Mac  receives  an  annual
guarantee  fee,  recognized  as earned on an accrual  basis over the life of the
loan that is based upon the  outstanding  balance  of the Farmer Mac  Guaranteed
Security.

Farmer Mac is required to perform under its obligation when the underlying loans
for the  off-balance  sheet Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities do not make their
scheduled installment payments. When a loan underlying a Farmer Mac I Guaranteed
Security  becomes  90  days or more  past  due,  Farmer  Mac has the  option  to
repurchase  the loan from the trust and  generally  does  repurchase  such loans
thereby reducing the principal balance of the outstanding  Farmer Mac Guaranteed
Securities.

The  following  table  presents  the  maximum   principal  amount  of  potential
undiscounted  future  payments  that  Farmer Mac could be required to make under
off-balance  sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities as of December 31, 2002 and
2001, not including offsets provided by any recourse provisions, recoveries from
third parties or collateral for the underlying loans.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        Outstanding Balance of
            Off-Balance Sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                           December 31,      December 31,
                                               2002              2001
                                         -----------------  ---------------
                                                   (in thousands)
<S>                                         <C>              <C>
 Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities:
   Post-1996 Act                             $ 299,940        $ 366,749
   Pre-1996 Act                                      -              461
                                         -----------------  ---------------
     Total Farmer Mac I                        299,940          367,210
 Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities            67,109           78,409
                                         -----------------  ---------------
     Total Farmer Mac I and II               $ 367,049        $ 445,619
                                         -----------------  ---------------

</TABLE>

If Farmer Mac exercises  its option to purchase a loan that is collateral  for a
Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Security, Farmer Mac would have the right to enforce the
terms of the  loan,  and in the event of a  default,  would  have  access to the
underlying  collateral.  Farmer Mac typically recovers a significant  portion of
the value of defaulted loans purchased  either through borrower  payments,  loan
payoffs, payments by third parties or foreclosure and sale.

Farmer Mac has  recourse  to the USDA for any  amounts  advanced  for the timely
payment of principal and interest on Farmer Mac II Guaranteed  Securities.  That
recourse is the USDA guarantee, a full faith and credit obligation of the United
States  that  becomes   enforceable   if  a  lender  fails  to  repurchase   the
USDA-guaranteed  portion from its owner within 30 days after written demand from
the owner when (a) the borrower under the guaranteed loan is in default not less
than  60  days  in  the  payment  of  any  principal  or  interest  due  on  the
USDA-guaranteed  portion, or (b) the lender has failed to remit to the owner the
payment made by the borrower on the USDA-guaranteed  portion or any related loan
subsidy within 30 days after the lender's receipt thereof.

As of December 31, 2002, the  weighted-average  remaining  maturity of all loans
underlying  off-balance  sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities was 12.4 years.
The portion of the reserve for losses that was attributable to off-balance sheet
Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  was $1.3  million  and $1.9  million  as of
December 31, 2002 and 2001, respectively.  For additional detail on Farmer Mac's
methodology for determining the reserve for losses, see Note 2(j) and Note 8.

Long-Term Standby Purchase Commitments

An  LTSPC  is a  commitment  by  Farmer  Mac to  purchase  eligible  loans on an
undetermined  future date. In  consideration  for Farmer Mac's assumption of the
credit  risk on loans  underlying  an  LTSPC,  Farmer  Mac  receives  an  annual
commitment fee on the outstanding  balance of those loans. The fee is recognized
as earned on an accrual basis over the life of the loan.

An LTSPC permits a seller to nominate  from its  portfolio a segregated  pool of
loans, which are retained in the seller's portfolio. Upon nomination, Farmer Mac
reviews the loan portfolio to confirm that it is in compliance with Farmer Mac's
underwriting  standards.  Upon Farmer Mac's acceptance of the conforming  loans,
the seller  effectively  transfers the credit risk on those loans to Farmer Mac,
thereby reducing its credit and concentration  exposures and, consequently,  its
regulatory capital requirements and its loss reserve  requirements.  Credit risk
is  transferred  via Farmer  Mac's  commitment  to  purchase  some or all of the
segregated loans from the  counterparty  based upon Farmer Mac's original credit
review and acceptance of the credit risk on the loans.

The specific  events or  circumstances  that would require Farmer Mac to perform
under its LTSPCs include the 1) determination by the holder of the LTSPC to sell
some or all of the loans  under the LTSPC to Farmer Mac or 2) the failure of the
borrower  under  any loan to make  installment  payments  under  that loan for a
period of 120 days.

The LTSPC commits Farmer Mac to purchase these loans:

     o    At  par  plus  accrued  interest,  if the  loans  become  four  months
          delinquent;
     o    At a  mark-to-market  price,  if the loans are not  delinquent and are
          standard Farmer Mac cash window loan products;
     o    At a  mark-to-market  negotiated price for all (but not some) loans in
          the pool, if they are not four months delinquent; or
     o    In exchange for Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities.

As of December  31, 2002 and 2001,  the maximum  principal  amount of  potential
undiscounted  future  payments  that Farmer Mac could be requested to make under
LTSPCs,  not including offsets provided by any recourse  provisions,  recoveries
from third parties or collateral for the underlying  loans, was $2.7 billion and
$1.9 billion respectively.

If requested to purchase the underlying  loans,  Farmer Mac would have the right
to enforce the terms of the loans, and in the event of loan default,  would have
access to the  underlying  collateral.  To date Farmer Mac has not  incurred any
charge-offs  on LTSPCs.  However,  Farmer Mac believes  that credit risk that is
assumed in the LTSPC transactions is the same as the credit risk that is assumed
for its other  products.  Farmer Mac believes that it will  generally  recover a
significant portion of the value of the defaulted loans purchased either through
borrower  payments,  loan payoffs,  payments by third parties or foreclosure and
sale.

As of December 31, 2002, the  weighted-average  remaining  maturity of all loans
underlying LTSPCs was 15.4 years. The portion of the reserve for losses that was
attributable  to LTSPCs was $11.4  million and $6.6  million as of December  31,
2002 and 2001,  respectively.  For additional detail on Farmer Mac's methodology
for determining the reserve for losses, see Note 2(j) and Note 8.

Commitments

Farmer Mac enters into mandatory and optional  delivery  commitments to purchase
loans. Most loan purchase  commitments  entered into by Farmer Mac are mandatory
commitments,  in  which  Farmer  Mac  charges  a fee to  extend  or  cancel  the
commitment.  All optional  loan  purchase  commitments  are sold  forward  under
optional  commitments to deliver Farmer Mac  Guaranteed  Securities  that may be
cancelled by Farmer Mac without penalty. As of December 31, 2002, commitments to
purchase Farmer Mac I and II loans totaled $26.2 million,  of which $4.5 million
were optional commitments.  Outstanding loan purchase commitments as of December
31,  2001,   totaled  $21.1  million,   of  which  $4.7  million  were  optional
commitments.

Farmer Mac is exposed to interest rate risk from the time it commits to purchase
a loan to the time it either: (a) sells Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities backed
by the loan or (b) issues debt to retain the loan in its  portfolio.  There were
no commitments to sell Farmer Mac Guaranteed  Securities as of December 31, 2002
and 2001.  Farmer Mac manages the  interest  rate risk  related to loans not yet
sold  or  funded  as a  retained  investment  through  the use of  forward  sale
contracts  involving  government  sponsored  enterprise debt and mortgage-backed
securities and futures contracts  involving U.S. Treasury  securities.  See Note
2(h) and Note 6 for information regarding financial derivatives.

Rental expense for Farmer Mac's office space was $0.5 million,  $0.3 million and
$0.3  million  for each of the years ended  December  31,  2002,  2001 and 2000,
respectively.   The  future   minimum   lease   payments   under   Farmer  Mac's
non-cancelable lease for its office space are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

     Future Minimum Lease Payments
-----------------------------------------
             (in thousands)
<S><C>                     <C>
    2003                      $ 531
    2004                        545
    2005                        558
    2006                        573
    2007                        586
 Thereafter                   2,498
                          ---------------
Total                       $ 5,291
                          ---------------
</TABLE>

13. FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURES

The following table sets forth the estimated fair values and the carrying values
for  financial  assets  and  liabilities  as of  December  31,  2002  and  2001.
Significant  estimates,  assumptions and present value calculations are used for
the  following  disclosure,  resulting in a high degree of  subjectivity  in the
indicated  fair  values.  Accordingly,  these  estimated  fair  values  are  not
necessarily  indicative  of what  Farmer Mac would  realize in an actual sale or
purchase.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                           As of December 31,
                                        -------------------------------------------------------
                                                  2002                          2001
                                        --------------------------- ---------------------------
                                                         Carrying                    Carrying
                                         Fair Value       Amount      Fair Value      Amount
                                        ------------- ------------- -------------- -------------
                                                            (in thousands)
<S>                                        <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>
 Financial assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents               $ 723,800    $ 723,800     $ 437,831     $ 437,831
    Investment securities                     831,299      830,409     1,007,691     1,007,954
    Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities        1,632,883    1,608,507     1,724,697     1,690,376
    Loans                                   1,008,706      963,461       203,144       198,003
    Financial derivatives                         317          317            15            15

 Financial liabilities:
    Notes payable:
     Due within one year                    2,863,224    2,895,746     2,234,240     2,233,267
     Due after one year                     1,168,760      985,318     1,020,989       968,463
     Financial derivatives                     94,314       94,314        20,762        20,762
</TABLE>

Farmer Mac  estimates  the fair  value of its loans and  Farmer  Mac  Guaranteed
Securities by  discounting  the  projected  cash flows of these  instruments  at
projected  interest  rates.  Because the cash flows of these  instruments may be
interest  rate path  dependent,  these values and projected  discount  rates are
derived using a Monte Carlo  simulation  model.  Notes payable and interest rate
contracts are valued using a similar  methodology.  For  investment  securities,
futures  contracts and  commitments  to purchase and sell  government  sponsored
enterprise debt and mortgage-backed  securities, fair values are based on market
quotes. The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value.

<PAGE>

14. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                  2002 Quarter Ended                              2001 Quarter Ended
                                ------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------

                                   Dec. 31      Sept. 30     June 30     Mar. 31     Dec. 31     Sept. 30    June 30     Mar. 31
                                -----------  ------------ ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------ ----------- -----------
                                                           (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                               <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>
 Interest income                   $43,643      $45,761     $43,491     $37,144     $39,253      $45,160     $46,369     $50,431
 Interest expense                   34,914       35,784      34,641      29,674      32,056       37,292      39,947      44,978
                                -----------  ------------ ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------------------- ----------
    Net interest income              8,729        9,977       8,850       7,470       7,197        7,868       6,422       5,453
     Provision for loan losses        (389)        (324)       (315)       (312)       (300)        (150)       (100)        (50)
                                -----------  ------------ ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------ ------------ ----------
    Net interest income after
     provision for loan losses       8,340        9,653       8,535       7,158       6,897        7,718       6,322       5,403
 Guarantee and commitment fees       5,114        4,874       4,723       4,567       4,534        4,177       3,669       3,428
 Gains/(Losses) on derivatives      (2,903)      (1,451)       (230)        224         317         (295)       (159)       (589)
 Miscellaneous                         114          458         368         392         140          137         116         166
                                -----------  ------------ ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------ ------------ ----------
 Total revenues                     10,665       13,534      13,396      12,341      11,888       11,737       9,948       8,408

 Total operating expenses            4,161        5,607       4,727       4,249       4,120        4,354       4,142       3,938
                                -----------  ------------ ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------ ------------ ----------

 Income before income taxes          6,504        7,927       8,669       8,092       7,768        7,383       5,806       4,470
 Income tax expense                  1,854        2,342       2,630       2,505       2,287        2,455       2,091       1,588
 Cumulative effect of change
  in accounting principles,              -            -           -           -           -            -           -        (726)
  net of taxes
 Extraordinary gain/(loss),
  net of taxes                      (1,313)           -         583       1,620           -            -           -           -
                                -----------  ------------ ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------ ------------ ----------
 Net income                          3,337        5,585       6,622       7,207       5,481        4,928       3,715       2,156
                                -----------  ------------ ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------ ------------ ----------
 Preferred stock dividends            (560)        (560)       (336)          -           -            -           -           -
                                -----------  ------------ ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------------------- ----------
 Net income available to
 common stockholders               $ 2,777      $ 5,025     $ 6,286     $ 7,207     $ 5,481      $ 4,928     $ 3,715     $ 2,156
                                -----------  ------------ ----------- ----------- ----------- -------------------------- ---------

 Earnings per share:
     Basic net earnings             $ 0.24       $ 0.43      $ 0.55      $ 0.62      $ 0.48       $ 0.43      $ 0.33      $ 0.19
     Diluted net earnings           $ 0.23       $ 0.42      $ 0.52      $ 0.59      $ 0.46       $ 0.41      $ 0.32      $ 0.18

 Earnings per share before
  cumulative effect of change
  in accounting principles
  and extraordinary items:
     Basic net earnings             $ 0.35       $ 0.43      $ 0.50      $ 0.48      $ 0.48       $ 0.43      $ 0.33      $ 0.26
     Diluted net earnings           $ 0.34       $ 0.42      $ 0.48      $ 0.46      $ 0.46       $ 0.41      $ 0.32      $ 0.25

</TABLE>

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
        Financial Disclosure

      Not Applicable

<PAGE>

                                    PART III

Item 10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

     The  information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Corporation's Proxy Statement to be filed on or about April 18, 2003.

Item 11.   Executive Compensation

     The  information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Corporation's Proxy Statement to be filed on or about April 18, 2003.

Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

     The  information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Corporation's Proxy Statement to be filed on or about April 18, 2003.

Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

     The  information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Corporation's Proxy Statement to be filed on or about April 18, 2003.

Item 14.   Controls and Procedures

     Based on their evaluation as of a date within 90 days of the filing date of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the  Corporation's  Chief Executive Officer and
Chief  Financial  Officer  have  concluded  that  the  Corporation's  disclosure
controls  and  procedures  (as  defined  in  Exchange  Act Rules  13a-14(c)  and
15d-14(c)) are adequate and effective to ensure that information  required to be
disclosed  by the  Corporation  in reports  that it files or  submits  under the
Exchange Act are recorded,  processed,  summarized and reported  within the time
periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms.

     There were no significant changes in the Corporation's internal controls or
in other factors that could  significantly  affect these controls  subsequent to
the date of their  evaluation,  including any corrective  actions with regard to
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.

<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

Item 15.     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K

     (a)    (1)   Financial Statements.

      Refer to Item 8 above.

            (2) Financial Statement Schedules.

     All schedules are omitted  since they are not  applicable,  not required or
the information required to be set forth therein is included in the consolidated
financial statements or in notes thereto.

            (3)  Exhibits.

*  3.1    -    Title VIII of  the  Farm  Credit  Act  of 1971, as  most recently
               amended  by the Farm  Credit  System  Reform  Act of  1996,  P.L.
               104-105 (Form 10-K filed March 29, 1996).

*  3.2    -    Amended  and  restated  By-Laws  of  the  Registrant  (Form  10-Q
               filed August 12, 1999).

+* 10.1   -    Stock   Option   Plan  (Previously  filed  as   Exhibit  19.1  to
               Form 10-Q filed August 14, 1992).

+* 10.1.1 -    Amendment  No.  1  to   Stock  Option  Plan   (Previously   filed
               as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed August 16, 1993).

+* 10.1.2 -    1996 Stock  Option  Plan  (Form  10-Q  filed  August 14, 1996).

+* 10.1.3 -    Amended  and  Restated  1997  Incentive  Plan  (Form  10-Q  filed
               August 14, 1997).

+* 10.2   -    Employment  Agreement  dated   May  5,  1989  between   Henry  D.
               Edelman and the Registrant  (Previously  filed as Exhibit 10.4 to
               Form 10-K filed February 14, 1990).

+* 10.2.1 -    Amendment  No.  1  dated  as of  January  10,  1991 to Employment
               Contract  between Henry D. Edelman and the Registrant (Previously
               filed as Exhibit  10.4 to Form 10-K  filed  April 1, 1991).

+* 10.2.2 -    Amendment  to  Employment  Contract  dated  as  of  June  1, 1993
               between   Henry  D.  Edelman  and  the   Registrant   (Previously
               filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q filed November 15, 1993).

___________________
*     Incorporated by reference to the indicated prior filing.
+     Management contract or compensatory plan.
#     Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for
      confidential treatment.
<PAGE>



+* 10.2.3 -    Amendment   No.  3  dated  as   of   June 1, 1994  to  Employment
               Contract between Henry D. Edelman and the Registrant  (Previously
               filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Form 10-Q filed August 15, 1994).

+* 10.2.4 -    Amendment  No.  4  dated  as of  February  8,  1996 to Employment
               Contract  between Henry D. Edelman and  the Registrant (Form 10-K
               filed March 29, 1996).

+* 10.2.5 -    Amendment  No. 5 dated as of June 13, 1996 to Employment Contract
               between  Henry D. Edelman  and  the  Registrant  (Form 10-Q filed
               August 14, 1996).

+* 10.2.6 -    Amendment No. 6 dated as of August 7, 1997 to Employment Contract
               between  Henry  D.  Edelman  and  the Registrant (Form 10-Q filed
               November 14,  1997).

+* 10.2.7 -    Amendment  No. 7 dated  as of June 4, 1998 to Employment Contract
               between  Henry D. Edelman  and  the  Registrant (Form  10-Q filed
               August 14, 1998).

+* 10.2.8 -    Amendment  No. 8 dated  as of June 3, 1999 to Employment Contract
               between  Henry D. Edelman  and  the  Registrant  (Form 10-Q filed
               August 12, 1999).

+* 10.2.9 -    Amendment No. 9 dated  as of June 1, 2000 to  Employment Contract
               between  Henry  D. Edelman  and  the Registrant  (Form 10-Q filed
               August 14, 2000).

+* 10.2.10 -   Amendment No. 10 dated  as of June 7, 2001 to Employment Contract
               between  Henry D. Edelman  and  the  Registrant  (Form 10-Q filed
               August 14, 2001).

+* 10.2.11 -   Amendment No. 11 dated  as of June 6, 2002 to Employment Contract
               between  Henry D. Edelman  and  the  Registrant  (Form 10-Q filed
               August 14, 2002).

+* 10.3    -   Employment   Agreement   dated  May  11, 1989  between  Nancy  E.
               Corsiglia and the Registrant (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.5 to
               Form 10-K filed February 14, 1990).

+* 10.3.1  -   Amendment   dated  December  14,  1989  to  Employment  Agreement
               between  Nancy  E.   Corsiglia  and  the   Registrant (Previously
               filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-K filed February 14, 1990).

____________________
*     Incorporated by reference to the indicated prior filing.
+     Management contract or compensatory plan.
#     Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for
      confidential treatment.
<PAGE>



+* 10.3.2  -   Amendment No. 2 dated February 14, 1991 to  Employment  Agreement
               between  Nancy  E.   Corsiglia  and  the   Registrant (Previously
               filed as Exhibit  10.7 to Form 10-K  filed  April 1, 1991).


+* 10.3.3  -   Amendment  to   Employment   Contract  dated  as  of June 1, 1993
               between  Nancy  E.  Corsiglia  and  the   Registrant  (Previously
               filed as Exhibit 10.9 to Form 10-Q filed November 15, 1993).

+* 10.3.4  -   Amendment  No.  4  dated  June 1,  1993  to  Employment  Contract
               between Nancy  E.   Corsiglia   and  the   Registrant (Previously
               filed as Exhibit  10.10 to Form 10-K filed March 31,1994).


+* 10.3.5  -   Amendment  No. 5 dated as of June 1, 1994  to Employment Contract
               between   Nancy  E.  Corsiglia  and  the   Registrant (Previously
               filed as Exhibit 10.12 to Form 10-Q filed August 15,1994).


+* 10.3.6  -   Amendment  No. 6 dated as of June 1, 1995 to  Employment Contract
               between  Nancy E. Corsiglia  and  the Registrant (Form 10-Q filed
               August 14, 1995).

+* 10.3.7  -   Amendment  No.  7 dated  as  of  February  8,  1996 to Employment
               Contract between Nancy E. Corsiglia and the Registrant (Form 10-K
               filed March 29, 1996).

+* 10.3.8  -   Amendment  No. 8 dated as of June 13, 1996 to Employment Contract
               between  Nancy E. Corsiglia  and the  Registrant (Form 10-Q filed
               August 14, 1996).

+* 10.3.9  -   Amendment No. 9 dated as of August 7, 1997 to Employment Contract
               between  Nancy E. Corsiglia and  the Registrant (Form 10-Q  filed
               November 14, 1997).

+* 10.3.10 -   Amendment No. 10 dated as  of June 4, 1998 to Employment Contract
               between  Nancy  E. Corsiglia and  the Registrant (Form 10-Q filed
               August 14, 1998).

+* 10.3.11 -   Amendmen t No. 11 dated as of June 3, 1999 to Employment Contract
               between  Nancy E. Corsiglia  and  the Registrant (Form 10-Q filed
               August 12, 1999).

+* 10.3.12 -   Amendment No. 12 dated  as of June 1, 2000 to Employment Contract
               between Nancy E. Corsiglia  and the  Registrant (Form 10-Q  filed
               August 14, 2000).

___________________
*     Incorporated by reference to the indicated prior filing.
+     Management contract or compensatory plan.
#     Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for
      confidential treatment.
<PAGE>



+* 10.3.13 -   Amendment No. 13 dated  as of June 7, 2001 to Employment Contract
               between  Nancy E. Corsiglia  and the  Registrant (Form 10-Q filed
               August 14, 2001).

+* 10.3.14 -   Amendment No. 14 dated as of June 6, 2002 to  Employment Contract
               between  Nancy  E. Corsiglia  and the Registrant (Form 10-Q filed
               August 14, 2002).

+* 10.4    -   Employment  Contract   dated  as  of  September  1, 1997  between
               Tom D. Stenson and the  Registrant  (Previously  filed as Exhibit
               10.8 to Form 10-Q filed November 14, 1997).

+* 10.4.1  -   Amendment  No. 1 dated as of June 4, 1998 to  Employment Contract
               between Tom D. Stenson  and the  Registrant  (Previously filed as
               Exhibit 10.8.1 to Form 10-Q filed August 14, 1998).

+* 10.4.2  -   Amendment  No. 2 dated as of June 3, 1999 to  Employment Contract
               between  Tom  D.  Stenson and  the  Registrant  (Form  10-Q filed
               August 12, 1999).

+* 10.4.3  -   Amendment  No. 3 dated as of June 1, 2000 to  Employment Contract
               between  Tom D.  Stenson  and  the  Registrant  (Form  10-Q filed
               August 14, 2000).

+* 10.4.4  -   Amendment  No. 4 dated as of June 7, 2001 to  Employment Contract
               between  Tom D.  Stenson  and  the  Registrant  (Form 10-Q  filed
               August 14, 2001).

+* 10.4.5  -   Amendment  No. 5 dated as of June 6, 2002 to  Employment Contract
               between  Tom D.  Stenson  and  the  Registrant  (Form 10-Q  filed
               August 14, 2002).

+* 10.5    -   Employment  Contract  dated  February 1, 2000  between  Jerome G.
               Oslick  and the  Registrant (Previously  filed as Exhibit 10.6 to
               Form 10-Q filed May 11, 2000).

+* 10.5.1  -   Amendment  No. 1 dated as of June 1, 2000 to  Employment Contract
               between  Jerome G. Oslick  and the  Registrant  (Previously filed
               as Exhibit 10.6.1 to Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2000).

+* 10.5.2  -   Amendment  No. 2 dated as of June 7, 2001 to  Employment Contract
               between Jerome  G. Oslick and  the Registrant  (Previously  filed
               as Exhibit 10.6.2 to Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2001).

___________________
*     Incorporated by reference to the indicated prior filing.
+     Management contract or compensatory plan.
#     Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for
      confidential treatment.
<PAGE>



+* 10.5.3  -   Amendment No. 3 dated  as  of June 6, 2002 to Employment Contract
               between  Jerome  G. Oslick and  the  Registrant (Form 10-Q  filed
               August 14, 2002).

*  10.6    -   Lease  Agreement,  dated   June  28,  2001   between   EOP  - Two
               Lafayette,  filedL.L.C.  and the Registrant  (Previously filed as
               Exhibit 10.10 to Form 10-K filed March 27, 2002).

*  10.7    -   Farmer Mac  I  Seller/Servicer  Agreement  dated  as of August 7,
               1996 between Zions First National Bank and the  Registrant  (Form
               10-Q filed November 14, 2002).

*  10.8    -   Medium-Term  Notes  U.S.  Selling Agency  Agreement  dated  as of
               October  1,  1998  between  Zions  First  National  Bank  and the
               Registrant (Form 10-Q filed November 14, 2002).

*  10.9    -   Discount Note  Dealer  Agreement  dated as  of September 18, 1996
               between Zions First National Bank and the  Registrant  (Form 10-Q
               filed November 14, 2002).

*# 10.10   -   ISDA  Master  Agreement  and Credit  Support  Annex dated  as  of
               June  26,  1997  between  Zions  First   National  Bank  and  the
               Registrant (Form 10-Q filed November 14, 2002).

*# 10.11   -   Master Central Servicing  Agreement dated as of December 17, 1996
               between Zions First National Bank and the  Registrant  (Form 10-Q
               filed November 14, 2002).

*# 10.11.1 -   Amendment No. 1 dated as of February  26, 1997  to Master Central
               Servicing  Agreement dated as of  December 17, 1996 between Zions
               First   National  Bank  and  the   Registrant  (Form  10-Q  filed
               November 14, 2002).

*# 10.12   -   Loan  File   Review  and   Underwriting  Agreement  dated  as  of
               December  17,  1996  between  Zions First  National  Bank and the
               Registrant (Form 10-Q filed November 14, 2002).

*# 10.12.1 -   Amendment  No. 1 dated  as  of  January  20, 2000  to  Loan  File
               Review and  Underwriting  Agreement dated as of December 17, 1996
               between Zions First National Bank and the  Registrant  (Form 10-Q
               filed November 14, 2002).

*# 10.13   -   Long Term Standby  Commitment  to  Purchase  dated  as  of August
               1, 1998  between  AgFirst  Farm  Credit  Bank  and the Registrant
               (Form 10-Q filed November 14, 2002).
__________________
*     Incorporated by reference to the indicated prior filing.
+     Management contract or compensatory plan.
#     Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for
      confidential treatment.
<PAGE>



*# 10.13.1 -   Amendment  No. 1  dated  as  of  January  1, 2000  to  Long  Term
               Standby  Commitment  to  Purchase  dated  as  of  August 1,  1998
               between  AgFirst Farm Credit Bank and the  Registrant  (Form 10-Q
               filed November 14, 2002).

*  10.13.2 -   Amendment  No. 2  dated  as  of  September 1,  2002 to Long  Term
               Standby  Commitment  to  Purchase  dated  as  of  August 1, 1998,
               as  amended  by  Amendment  No. 1 dated as of  January  1,  2000,
               between  AgFirst Farm Credit Bank and the  Registrant  (Form 10-Q
               filed November 14, 2002).

   21      -   Farmer   Mac   Mortgage   Securities   Corporation,  a   Delaware
               corporation.

*  99.1    -   Map    of   U.S.  Department   of   Agriculture   (Secretary   of
               Agriculture's)  Regions  (Previously filed as Exhibit 1.1 to Form
               10-K filed April 1, 1991).

     (b) Reports on Form 8-K.

     On October 23, 2002, the Registrant filed a Current Report on Form 8-K that
attached a press release announcing the Registrant's financial results for third
quarter 2002 and a conference call to discuss those results.

     On November 15, 2002,  the  Registrant  filed a Current  Report on Form 8-K
that attached as exhibits the certifications of the Registrant's Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer that accompanied the Registrant's  Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2002 as required pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

     On December 11, 2002,  the  Registrant  filed a Current  Report on Form 8-K
that reported the declaration of a dividend on the Registrant's Preferred Stock









__________________
*     Incorporated by reference to the indicated prior filing.
+     Management contract or compensatory plan.
#     Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for
      confidential treatment.
<PAGE>




                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant  to the  requirements  of  Section  13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION


     /s/ Henry D. Edelman                               March 21, 2003
----------------------------------------   -------------------------------------
By:   Henry D. Edelman                                      Date
      President and
      Chief Executive Officer

     Pursuant to the  requirements of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, this
report  has  been  signed  below  by the  following  persons  on  behalf  of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

             Name                             Title                   Date

    /s/ Fred L. Dailey            Chairman of the Board and      March 21, 2003
--------------------------------  Director
   Fred L. Dailey

    /s/ Henry D. Edelman          President and Chief Executive  March 21, 2003
--------------------------------  Officer (Principal Executive
   Henry D. Edelman               Officer)

    /s/ Nancy E. Corsiglia        Vice President - Finance,      March 21, 2003
--------------------------------  Chief Financial Officer
   Nancy E. Corsiglia             and Treasurer
                                  (Principal Financial and
                                  Accounting Officer)



<PAGE>

                 Name                               Title              Date

    /s/ Dennis L. Brack                           Director        March 21, 2003
---------------------------------------
   Dennis L. Brack

    /s/ Charles Eugene Branstool                  Director        March 21, 2003
---------------------------------------
   Charles Eugene Branstool

    /s/ Grace T. Daniel                           Director        March 21, 2003
---------------------------------------
   Grace T. Daniel

    /s/ Paul A. DeBriyn                           Director        March 21, 2003
---------------------------------------
   Paul A. DeBriyn

    /s/ Kenneth E. Graff                          Director        March 21, 2003
---------------------------------------
   Kenneth E. Graff

    /s/ W. David Hemingway                        Director        March 21, 2003
---------------------------------------
   W. David Hemingway

    /s/ Mitchell A. Johnson                       Director        March 21, 2003
---------------------------------------
   Mitchell A. Johnson

    /s/ Lowell L. Junkins                       Vice Chairman     March 21, 2003
---------------------------------------         and Director
   Lowell L. Junkins

    /s/ Charles E. Kruse                          Director        March 21, 2003
---------------------------------------
   Charles E. Kruse

    /s/ James A. McCarthy                         Director        March 21, 2003
---------------------------------------
   James A. McCarthy

    /s/ John G. Nelson                            Director        March 21, 2003
---------------------------------------
   John G. Nelson

    /s/ Peter T. Paul                             Director        March 21, 2003
---------------------------------------
   Peter T. Paul

    /s/ Marilyn Peters                            Director        March 21, 2003
---------------------------------------
   Marilyn Peters

    /s/ John Dan Raines, Jr.                      Director        March 21, 2003
---------------------------------------
   John Dan Raines, Jr.




<PAGE>


                                 CERTIFICATIONS

I, Henry D. Edelman, certify that:
1.   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the Federal Agricultural
     Mortgage Corporation;
2.   Based on my  knowledge,  this  annual  report  does not  contain any untrue
     statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary to
     make the statements  made, in light of the  circumstances  under which such
     statements  were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
     this annual report;
3.   Based on my  knowledge,  the  financial  statements,  and  other  financial
     information included in this annual report,  fairly present in all material
     respects the financial  condition,  results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;
4.   The  registrant's  other  certifying  officer  and  I are  responsible  for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and have:
          a)   designed such  disclosure  controls and procedures to ensure that
               material  information  relating to the registrant,  including its
               consolidated  subsidiaries,  is made known to us by others within
               those  entities,  particularly  during  the  period in which this
               annual report is being prepared;
          b)   evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  registrant's   disclosure
               controls and  procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the
               filing date of this annual report (the "Evaluation Date"); and
          c)   presented  in  this  annual  report  our  conclusions  about  the
               effectiveness of the disclosure  controls and procedures based on
               our evaluation as of the Evaluation Date;
5.   The registrant's  other certifying  officer and I have disclosed,  based on
     our most recent  evaluation,  to the  registrant's  auditors  and the audit
     committee of  registrant's  board of directors (or persons  performing  the
     equivalent functions):
          a)   all  significant  deficiencies  in the  design  or  operation  of
               internal  controls which could adversely  affect the registrant's
               ability to record,  process,  summarize and report financial data
               and have  identified for the  registrant's  auditors any material
               weaknesses in internal controls; and
          b)   any fraud,  whether or not material,  that involves management or
               other employees who have a significant  role in the  registrant's
               internal controls; and
6.   The  registrant's  other  certifying  officer and I have  indicated in this
     annual report whether there were significant  changes in internal  controls
     or in other  factors  that could  significantly  affect  internal  controls
     subsequent  to the  date  of our  most  recent  evaluation,  including  any
     corrective  actions with regard to  significant  deficiencies  and material
     weaknesses.

Date: March 27, 2003
                              /s/ Henry D. Edelman
                             -----------------------
                                Henry D. Edelman
                             Chief Executive Officer



<PAGE>
I, Nancy E. Corsiglia, certify that:
1.   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the Federal Agricultural
     Mortgage Corporation;
2.   Based on my  knowledge,  this  annual  report  does not  contain any untrue
     statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary to
     make the statements  made, in light of the  circumstances  under which such
     statements  were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
     this annual report;
3.   Based on my  knowledge,  the  financial  statements,  and  other  financial
     information included in this annual report,  fairly present in all material
     respects the financial  condition,  results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;
4.   The  registrant's  other  certifying  officer  and  I are  responsible  for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and have:
          a)   designed such  disclosure  controls and procedures to ensure that
               material  information  relating to the registrant,  including its
               consolidated  subsidiaries,  is made known to us by others within
               those  entities,  particularly  during  the  period in which this
               annual report is being prepared;
          b)   evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  registrant's   disclosure
               controls and  procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the
               filing date of this annual report (the "Evaluation Date"); and
          c)   presented  in  this  annual  report  our  conclusions  about  the
               effectiveness of the disclosure  controls and procedures based on
               our evaluation as of the Evaluation Date;
5.   The registrant's  other certifying  officer and I have disclosed,  based on
     our most recent  evaluation,  to the  registrant's  auditors  and the audit
     committee of  registrant's  board of directors (or persons  performing  the
     equivalent functions):
          a)   all  significant  deficiencies  in the  design  or  operation  of
               internal  controls which could adversely  affect the registrant's
               ability to record,  process,  summarize and report financial data
               and have  identified for the  registrant's  auditors any material
               weaknesses in internal controls; and
          b)   any fraud,  whether or not material,  that involves management or
               other employees who have a significant  role in the  registrant's
               internal controls; and
6.   The  registrant's  other  certifying  officer and I have  indicated in this
     annual report whether there were significant  changes in internal  controls
     or in other  factors  that could  significantly  affect  internal  controls
     subsequent  to the  date  of our  most  recent  evaluation,  including  any
     corrective  actions with regard to  significant  deficiencies  and material
     weaknesses.

Date: March 27, 2003
                              /s/ Nancy E. Corsiglia
                             ------------------------
                               Nancy E. Corsiglia
                             Chief Financial Officer






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
