<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a10k031505.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              Washington, DC 20549

                                    FORM 10-K
     (Mark One)
      [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES
          EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
          For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004

                                       OR

      [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
          EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
          For the transition period from ____________ to ____________


                          Commission file number 1-9148


                               THE BRINK'S COMPANY
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


<S> <C>

                     Virginia                                                   54-1317776
          (State or other jurisdiction of                                     (IRS Employer
          incorporation or organization)                                    Identification No.)

                  P.O. Box 18100,
                1801 Bayberry Court
                Richmond, Virginia                                               23226-8100
     (Address of principal executive offices)                                     (Zip Code)

     Registrant's telephone number, including area code                        (804) 289-9600

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                              Name of exchange on
                            Title of each class                                which registered
                            -------------------                                ----------------
              The Brink's Company Common Stock, Par Value $1                New York Stock Exchange
   Rights to Purchase Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock     New York Stock Exchange

</TABLE>

     Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None

     Indicate by check mark  whether the  registrant:  (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during the  preceding  12 months and (2) has been  subject to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.
                                                        Yes [X] No [ ]

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2).
                                                        Yes [X] No [ ]

     As of March 1, 2005, there were issued and outstanding 56,734,041 shares of
common  stock.  The  aggregate  market  value of shares of common  stock held by
nonaffiliates, as of June 30, 2004, was $1,843,510,908.

     Documents  incorporated  by  reference:   Part  I,  Part  II  and  Part  IV
incorporate  information  by reference from the Annual Report of the Company for
the year ended December 31, 2004. Part III incorporates information by reference
from portions of the  Registrant's  definitive  2005 Proxy Statement to be filed
pursuant to Regulation 14A.


<PAGE>

PART I
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ITEMS 1 AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


The Brink's Company

The Brink's  Company ("the  Company"),  a Virginia  corporation  incorporated in
1930, has three operating  segments within its "Business and Security  Services"
businesses:  Brink's,  Incorporated  ("Brink's");  Brink's Home  Security,  Inc.
("BHS"); and BAX Global Inc. ("BAX Global").

The Company  formerly  had  operations  in natural  resource  businesses:  coal,
natural gas,  timber and gold.  These  businesses have been sold.  However,  the
Company has retained significant liabilities from these Former Operations.

Financial information related to the Company's operating segments is included in
Note 2 to the  consolidated  financial  statements in the Company's  2004 Annual
Report, which note is herein incorporated by reference.

The Company has approximately 54,000 employees including approximately 38,900 at
Brink's, 3,000 at BHS and 12,000 at BAX Global.

A significant  portion of the Company's business is conducted outside the United
States.  Because  the  financial  results of the  Company  are  reported in U.S.
dollars,  they are  affected  by  changes  in the value of the  various  foreign
currencies in relation to the U.S. dollar. The Company,  from time to time, uses
foreign  currency  forward  contracts  to  hedge  certain   transactional  risks
associated with foreign  currencies.  The Company is also subject to other risks
customarily associated with doing business in foreign countries, including labor
and economic  conditions,  political  instability,  controls on  repatriation of
earnings  and  capital,  nationalization,   expropriation  and  other  forms  of
restrictive action by local governments. The future effects of such risks on the
Company cannot be predicted.

Available Information and Corporate Governance Documents

The Brink's  Company's  internet address is  www.brinkscompany.com.  The Company
makes available,  free of charge, through its website, its Annual Report on Form
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments
to those  reports  filed or furnished  pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act as soon as reasonably  practicable after the Company electronically
files such  information  with or  furnishes  it to the  Securities  and Exchange
Commission.  In addition,  the Corporate Governance  Policies,  Business Code of
Ethics and the charters of the Audit and Ethics,  Compensation and Benefits, and
Corporate  Governance and  Nominating  Committees are available on the Company's
website and are available in print,  without  charge,  to any  shareholder  upon
request by contacting the Corporate  Secretary at 1801 Bayberry Court, P. O. Box
18100, Richmond, Virginia 23226-8100.


BUSINESS AND SECURITY SERVICES

Brink's, Incorporated ("Brink's")

General
Brink's is the oldest and  largest  armored car Company in the U.S. as well as a
market  leader  in many of the  countries  in which  it  operates.  Brink's  has
operations  throughout  the  world  with  38%  of its  2004  revenues  from  its
operations in North America.  Brink's in North America serves customers  through
160 branches in the U.S. and 45 branches in Canada.

Brink's  operations  outside  North  America  are  located in  approximately  50
countries,  with  concentrations  in Europe (43% of Brink's 2004  revenues)  and
South America (16% of Brink's 2004  revenues.) In addition,  Brink's has growing
operations in the Asia-Pacific  region of the world that accounted for 3% of its
2004 revenues.  Brink's largest  operations  outside North America,  in terms of
2004  revenues,  were located in France,  Venezuela,  the  Netherlands,  Brazil,
Germany, the United Kingdom and Colombia.  These operations accounted for 79% of
2004 revenues outside of North America.

Brink's ownership interest in subsidiaries and affiliated  companies ranged from
20% to 100% at December 31, 2004. In some instances  local laws limit the extent
of Brink's ownership interest.


                                       2

<PAGE>


Customers
Brink's customers include:

        o  banks;

        o  retail and other commercial businesses;

        o  investment banking and brokerage firms; and

        o  government agencies, such as a country's central bank.

Services
The major services offered by Brink's include:

        o  armored car transportation;

        o  automated teller machine ("ATM") servicing;

        o  currency and deposit processing, including "Cash Logistics" services;
           and the deploying  and  servicing of safes  and safe control devices,
           including its patented CompuSafe(R) service,

        o  coin sorting and wrapping; and

        o  arranging  the  secure  air   transportation  of  valuables  ("Global
           Services").

Brink's   armored  car   transportation   services   generally   include  secure
transportation of:

o  cash between businesses and banks;

o  cash, securities and other negotiable items and valuables between  commercial
   banks, central  banks (such  as  the U.S.  Federal  Reserve  Banks and  their
   branches and correspondents) and brokerage firms;

o  new currency,  coins  and  precious  metals  for a number  of  central  banks
   throughout the world;

o  canceled  checks between  banks or  between a  clearing house  and its member
   banks in certain geographic areas.

Brink's  provides  coin and currency  processing  (including  "Cash  Logistics")
services  primarily  to banks and retail  customers.  Cash  Logistics is a fully
integrated  solution  that  proactively  manages  the entire  cycle of cash from
point-of-sale through deposit at the bank. The process includes  transportation,
cashier  balancing and  reporting,  deposit  processing and  consolidation,  and
electronic  information  exchange.  Retail  customers use Brink's Cash Logistics
services  to  count  and  reconcile   coins  and  currency  in  Brink's   secure
environment,  to  prepare  bank  deposit  information  and to  replenish  retail
locations' coins and currency in proper denominations.

Through its proprietary cash processing and information systems,  Brink's offers
customers the ability to integrate a full range of vault,  ATM,  transportation,
storage,  processing,  inventory  management  and  reporting  services.  Brink's
believes that its cash processing and information systems differentiate its Cash
Logistics services from its competitors.

Brink's  CompuSafe(R)  services  provide  retail  customers  with a  proprietary
integrated  system for  safeguarding  and  managing  cash.  Brink's  markets its
CompuSafe(R) services to a variety of cash-intensive  retail customers,  such as
convenience   stores,  gas  stations  and  restaurants.   The  service  includes
installing a specialized safe in the retail establishment that holds safeguarded
cassettes.  The customer's  employees  deposit currency into the cassettes.  The
cassettes can only be removed by Brink's  armored car  personnel.  The cassettes
are then taken to a secure  currency  room where the  contents  are verified and
transferred for deposit.  Deposit detail can then be electronically  reported to
the customer.

For transporting  money and other valuables over long distances,  Brink's Global
Services  offers a combined  armored car and secure air  transportation  service
between  many cities  around the world.  Brink's  uses  regularly  scheduled  or
chartered  aircraft in  connection  with its air courier  services.  Included in
Global  Services is a  specialized  diamond and  jewelry  secure  transportation
operation, with offices in the major diamond and jewelry centers of the world.

Brink's provides  individualized  services under separate  contracts designed to
meet the distinct  transportation,  security and logistics  requirements  of its
customers.  These contracts are usually for an initial term of at least one year
but continue in effect thereafter until canceled by either party.


                                       3

<PAGE>


Competition
Brink's  competes with a number of large  multinational  companies and with many
smaller companies throughout the world.

Primary factors in attracting and retaining customers are security,  the quality
of  services  provided  and  the  price  for  services.   Brink's  believes  its
competitive advantages include:

o  brand name recognition;

o  reputation for a high level of service and security;

o  proprietary cash processing and information systems;

o  high-quality insurance coverage and general financial strength; and

o  ability to  serve  multiple  markets for the same  customer  in  many of  the
   countries in which Brink's has operations.

Brink's believes its cost structure is generally  competitive,  although Brink's
believes certain  competitors may have lower costs as a result of lower wage and
benefit  levels for  employees or as a result of different  security and service
standards.

Brink's growth in revenues from financial  institutions and retail businesses is
partially dependent on the growth in the economy and the relative positioning of
customers within their industries.  Competitive conditions often cause customers
and potential  customers to focus on the cost of all services  including armored
car services. Because Brink's management believes that the high level of service
and  security  provided  differentiates  Brink's from its  competitors,  Brink's
resists competing on price alone.

The  availability  of quality and  reliable  insurance  coverage is an important
factor in the  ability of Brink's to obtain and retain  customers  and to manage
the risks of its business.  Brink's purchases  insurance  coverage for losses in
excess of what it considers prudent  deductibles and/or  retentions.  For losses
below deductible or retention levels, Brink's is self-insured. Brink's insurance
policies cover losses from most causes,  with the exception of war, nuclear risk
and certain other exclusions  typical for such policies.  Brink's generally does
not offer its customers protection from losses arising from excluded clauses.

Insurance is provided by different  groups of underwriters  at negotiated  rates
and terms.  Insurance  is  available  to Brink's in major  markets  although the
premiums charged are subject to fluctuations depending on market conditions. The
loss  experience of Brink's and, to a limited  extent,  other  armored  carriers
affects premium rates charged to Brink's.

Service Mark, Patents and Copyrights
BRINKS is a registered  service mark in the U.S. and certain foreign  countries.
The BRINKS mark, name and related marks are of material  significance to Brink's
business. Brink's owns patents with respect to certain coin sorting and counting
machines,  which  expire in 2007 and 2008,  respectively.  Brink's  has  patents
associated with its integrated CompuSafe(R) service, that expire in 2015 through
2018. The patents for the CompuSafe(R)  device and sorting and counting machines
provide important  advantages to Brink's.  However,  Brink's  operations are not
dependent on the existence of the aforementioned patents.

The Company has entered into certain  agreements  to license the Brink's and the
Brink's  Home  Security  name.  Examples  include  licenses to  distributors  of
security products (padlocks, home safes, door and window hardware, etc.) offered
for sale to consumers through major retail chains.

Government Regulation
The U.S.  operations of Brink's are subject to regulation by the U.S. Department
of  Transportation  with  respect  to safety of  operations  and  equipment  and
financial  responsibility.  Intrastate  operations in the U.S. and intraprovince
operations  in Canada are subject to  regulation  by state and by  Canadian  and
provincial   regulatory   authorities,   respectively.   Brink's   International
operations  are  regulated  to varying  degrees by the  countries  in which they
operate.

Employee Relations
At December 31, 2004,  Brink's and its  subsidiaries  had  approximately  38,900
employees,  including  10,600  employees in North  America,  (of whom 2,000 were
classified as part-time  employees) and 28,300 employees  outside North America.
At December 31, 2004, Brink's was a party to 13 collective bargaining agreements
in  North  America  with  various  local  unions  covering  approximately  1,600
employees,  almost all of whom are  employees  in Canada  and  members of unions
affiliated with the  International  Brotherhood of Teamsters.  Three  agreements
will expire in 2005 and they are  expected  to be  renegotiated.  The  remaining
agreements have various  expiration dates after 2005 and extending through 2009.
Outside of North America,  the branch workforce are members of labor or employee
organizations  in the majority of the countries of operation.  Brink's  believes
that its employee relations are satisfactory.


                                       4

<PAGE>


Properties
Brink's has property and  equipment in locations  throughout  the world.  Branch
facilities generally have office space, a vault to securely store valuables, and
a garage to house  armored  vehicles  and to serve as  vehicle  terminals.  Many
times, branches have additional space to repair and maintain vehicles.

Brink's owns or leases  armored  vehicles,  panel trucks and other vehicles that
are primarily service vehicles. Brink's armored vehicles are of bullet-resistant
construction and are specially designed and equipped to afford security for crew
and cargo.

The  following  table  discloses  leased and owned  facilities  and vehicles for
Brink's most significant operations as of December 31, 2004.

                           Facilities                          Vehicles
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Country           Leased     Owned     Total          Leased     Owned     Total
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

U.S                 162       21        183           1,692        581     2,273
Canada               40        9         49             337        128       465
Europe              172       21        193             727      1,829     2,556
South America       173       42        215             101      2,315     2,416
Asia Pacific         30        -         30               1        131       132
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total               577       93        670           2,858      4,984     7,842
================================================================================

Of the  leased  facilities  in North  America,  149  facilities  are held  under
long-term  leases.  The remaining 53 facilities are held under short-term leases
or month-to-month tenancies.

Approximately 4,600 Brink's-owned CompuSafe(R) devices are located on customers'
premises in North America.

Brink's Home Security ("BHS")

General
BHS  believes  that it is the second  largest  provider  of  monitored  security
services for  residential  and commercial  properties in North  America.  BHS is
primarily engaged in the business of marketing,  selling, installing,  servicing
and monitoring  electronic  security  systems in  owner-occupied,  single-family
residences.  At December 31, 2004, BHS had  approximately  921,000 systems under
monitoring  contracts,  including  approximately  146,000 new subscribers  added
during  the  year.  BHS  provides  services  to  subscribers   located  in  most
metropolitan areas in 44 states, the District of Columbia and several markets in
two western provinces in Canada.

BHS' typical security system installation  consists of sensors and other devices
which are installed at a customer's home or commercial  location.  The equipment
can be configured to signal intrusion,  fire, medical and other alerts.  When an
alarm  is  triggered,  a  signal  is sent  by  telephone  line  to BHS'  central
monitoring   station  in  Irving,   Texas.  The  monitoring   station  holds  an
Underwriters'  Laboratories,  Inc. ("UL") listing. UL specifications for service
centers include building integrity, back-up computer and power systems, staffing
and standard operating procedures.  In the event of an emergency,  such as fire,
tornado, major interruption in telephone or computer service, or any other event
affecting the Irving  facility,  monitoring  operations  can be transferred to a
backup  facility  located  in  Carrollton,  Texas.  BHS  is in  the  process  of
developing a second customer service, monitoring and computer backup facility to
replace the Carrollton facility.

BHS markets  its alarm  systems  primarily  through  television  and direct mail
advertising, yellow page and internet advertising,  alliances with other service
companies,  inbound  telemarketing  and field  sales  employees.  BHS  employees
install and  service  most of the  systems;  however,  dealers and  occasionally
subcontractors  are utilized in some service areas. BHS does not manufacture the
equipment  used in its security  systems.  Equipment is purchased from a limited
number of  suppliers  and no  interruptions  in supply are  expected.  Equipment
inventories are maintained at each branch office.

BHS has an  authorized  dealer  program to expand its  geographic  coverage  and
leverage its national  advertising.  The dealer program accounted for 18% of new
installations  during  2004 and,  as of  December  31,  2004,  6% of BHS'  total
subscriber base. Approximately 105 dealers were authorized to participate in the
program as of December 31, 2004. BHS requires that its dealers  install the same
type of equipment as is  installed by its own  branches,  and adhere to the same
installation quality standards.

In addition to initiating subscriber relationships through its branch and dealer
networks,  BHS  obtains new  residential  subscribers  through its Brink's  Home
Technologies ("BHT") division. BHT markets residential security systems, as well
as a variety  of  low-voltage  security,  home  networking,  communications  and
entertainment  options,  directly to major home builders. New system activations
from BHT accounted for 9% of new subscribers added during 2004.


                                       5

<PAGE>

BHS also provides  monitored  security to residents of apartment and condominium
complexes.  These  customers  currently  represent  slightly  more  than  2%  of
subscribers.

Although its core business is focused on the monitoring of residential  security
systems, BHS also installs and monitors commercial security systems. In addition
to  intrusion  detection,  products  and  services  currently  offered  to these
customers  include   nonmonitored   closed  circuit  video  and  enhanced  event
reporting. BHS intends to further build its capabilities in commercial security.
Commercial customers represented approximately 4% of subscribers at year end.

Government Regulation
BHS and its  employees  are  subject to various  U.S.  Federal,  state and local
consumer  protection,  licensing and other laws and regulations.  Most states in
which BHS operates have  licensing laws directed  specifically  toward the alarm
industry.  BHS' business  relies upon the use of wireline  telephone  service to
communicate  signals.  Wireline telephone  companies are currently  regulated by
both the Federal and state governments. BHS' wholly owned Canadian subsidiary is
subject to the laws of Canada, British Columbia and Alberta.

The alarm service  industry  experiences a high  incidence of false alarms.  BHS
believes its false alarm rate compares  favorably to other companies' rates. The
high incidence of false alarms in the industry has caused some local governments
to impose  assessments,  fines and penalties on either  subscribers or the alarm
companies.  A few municipalities have adopted ordinances under which both permit
and alarm dispatch fees are charged directly to the alarm companies.  BHS' alarm
service contracts generally allow BHS to pass these charges on to customers.

Police  departments in several U.S.  cities are not required to respond to calls
from alarm  companies  unless an emergency has been visually  verified.  If more
police  departments in the future refuse to automatically  respond to calls from
alarm companies without visual  verification,  this could have an adverse effect
on future results of operations  for BHS. In cities that have stopped  providing
police response to burglar  alarms,  BHS has offered its customers the option of
receiving private guard response from guard companies which have contracted with
BHS.

Competition
BHS competes in most major metropolitan  markets in the U.S. and several markets
in western Canada through BHS owned branch  operations or its authorized  dealer
program.  The monitored security alarm market has a large number of competitors,
including thousands of local and regional companies.  BHS believes it is now the
second  largest  provider of  monitored  security  services to  residential  and
commercial properties in North America.

Competition is based on a variety of factors  including,  company reputation and
service  quality,  product quality and price.  There is substantial  competitive
pressure  on  installation   fees.   Several   significant   competitors   offer
installation prices which match or are less than BHS' prices;  however,  many of
the small local  competitors  in BHS' markets  continue to charge  significantly
more for  installation.  Competitive  pressure on monitoring  rates,  while less
intense than on installation fees, is still  significant.  BHS believes that the
monitoring  rates it offers are  generally  comparable  to the rates  offered by
other major security companies.

BHS  believes its customer  retention  rate is the highest  among the major home
security service companies. BHS believes this favorable retention rate is due to
its  focus on  selecting  new  customers  with  strong  credit  backgrounds  and
providing high quality customer service to its customers.

Employees
BHS has approximately  3,000 employees,  none of whom is covered by a collective
bargaining agreement. BHS believes that its employee relations are satisfactory.

Properties
BHS has  approximately  63  leased  offices  and  warehouse  facilities  located
throughout  the U.S. and one leased office in Canada.  The lease for the central
monitoring station in Irving, Texas ended in February 2005, BHS has notified the
lessor of its intention to purchase the facility under the terms provided in the
lease.   This  facility  also  serves  as  BHS'  headquarters  and  houses  most
administrative,   technical  and  marketing   services   personnel.   Additional
administrative  personnel  are located in a portion of an  adjacent  building in
office  space  that is leased  for a term  ending in 2009.  BHS plans to build a
second  central  monitoring  station  during  2005.  The Irving and second  site
facilities are designed to be able to provide backup  capability for each other.
The lease for the current backup monitoring center in Carrollton, Texas, ends in
late 2005. BHS intends to shut down the Carrollton backup monitoring center once
the second central monitoring station is operational.  BHS leases  approximately
1,400  vehicles  which are used in the process of  installing  and servicing its
security systems.


                                       6

<PAGE>


BHS retains  ownership of most of the  approximately  921,000 systems  currently
being monitored.  When a customer  cancels  monitoring  services,  BHS typically
disables the system.  In a limited  number of cases,  BHS removes the equipment.
When a residential  customer cancels monitoring services because of an impending
household move, the retention of the BHS system in the residence facilitates the
marketing of monitoring services to the subsequent homeowner.

BAX Global Inc.  ("BAX Global")

General
BAX Global  provides heavy freight  transportation  and supply chain  management
services on a global basis.  BAX Global  specializes in the heavy freight market
for business to business shipping.

In North America, BAX Global's air transportation services use a dedicated fleet
of 21 planes with a national  sorting hub in Toledo,  Ohio.  BAX Global's  North
American  operation also has a ground network that provides  transportation on a
regional and national basis.

Outside  North  America,  BAX  Global  provides  transportation  services  using
available  space on  commercial  carriers  and,  on  occasion,  using  chartered
aircraft.  BAX  Global's  primary  markets  outside  North  America are shipping
Intra-Asia,  from Asia to North  America  and Europe,  Intra-Europe  and between
North America and Europe.

BAX  Global  continues  to  expand  its ocean  shipping  business  primarily  by
marketing  its ocean  products  to its  current  air  freight  and supply  chain
management customer base.

Air  Transport  International,  LLC ("ATI"),  a wholly owned  subsidiary  of BAX
Global, provides transportation services in North America to BAX Global and also
provides worldwide charter transportation services to other customers.

BAX  Global  provides  certain   transportation   customers  with  supply  chain
management   services  and  operates  more  than  130  logistics  warehouse  and
distribution  facilities  in  key  world  markets.  BAX  Global  specializes  in
developing  supply chain management  programs for companies  entering new global
markets or consolidating regional activity.


BAX Global's Products
                                                                Region offered
                                                                --------------
HEAVY FREIGHT TRANSPORTATION SERVICES:
   Expedited
   ---------

    o  Overnight delivery                                        Worldwide

    o  Second-day delivery                                       Worldwide

    o  Wholesale freight forwarding                              Americas

    o  Air import and export delivery                            Worldwide

   Nonexpedited
   ------------

    o  BAXSaver(TM) Suite of deferred delivery products
        (various deferred delivery terms)                        Americas

    o  Customs brokerage services                                Worldwide

    o  Aircraft charter services                                 Worldwide

    o  Ocean delivery                                            Worldwide

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT SERVICES                                 Worldwide

Heavy Freight Transportation Services
BAX Global offers its North American  (U.S.,  Canada and Mexico)  transportation
customers a variety of products  and pricing  options,  such as  guaranteed  and
standard  overnight  and  second-day  delivery  as  well  as  deferred  delivery
(delivery generally within one to three business days). A variety of value-added
ancillary services, such as shipment tracking,  inventory control and management
reports is also offered.

BAX  Global  began  offering  a  time-definite,  guaranteed  product  to freight
forwarders,  freight  brokers and  international  airlines  in 2003.  BAX Global
primarily markets to small to mid-sized forwarders and provides a higher service
level as compared to common carriage. In 2005, BAX expects to continue to expand
its sales and marketing efforts to this market.

Outside  North  America,  BAX  Global  offers a variety  of  services  including
standard and expedited  freight  services,  ocean  forwarding  and  door-to-door
delivery.

                                       7

<PAGE>

BAX Global also frequently acts as customs broker, facilitating the clearance of
goods  through  customs  at  international  points of entry.  BAX Global has the
ability to link its international network with the North American transportation
infrastructure   and  customs   brokerage   capabilities  to  provide   seamless
door-to-door  delivery and distribution between global markets and virtually any
city in North America.

BAX Global sells its  services  primarily  through its direct  sales force.  BAX
Global uses various  marketing  methods,  including print media  advertising and
direct marketing campaigns.

BAX  Global  picks  up  or  receives  freight   shipments  from  its  customers,
consolidates  the  freight  of  various  customers  into  shipments  for  common
destinations and arranges for the  transportation  of the consolidated  freight.
BAX Global uses either commercial  carriers or, in the case of most of its North
American shipments,  its own transportation fleet,  including its truck network,
and regional and national hub sorting  facilities.  BAX Global  distributes  the
shipments at the package's  destination.  While shipments move long distances on
either common  carrier or BAX Global's  fleet,  the local pickup and delivery of
freight are  accomplished  principally by independent  contractors  using trucks
dedicated to the BAX Global network.  BAX Global's  independent  contractors are
required to display BAX Global's logo and colors.

BAX Global has the  ability to  provide  freight  service to all North  American
business  communities  as well as to  virtually  all  countries  throughout  its
network of approximately  500  company-operated  stations and agent locations in
133  countries.  BAX  Global's  network  is  composed  primarily  of  controlled
subsidiaries  and,  to a lesser  extent,  agents  and sales  representatives  in
certain  non-U.S.  locations,  typically  under  short-term  contracts.  Between
available space on common  carriers  throughout the world and its North American
network,  BAX Global believes that it has sufficient  capacity to meet the needs
of its customers.

BAX Global's freight business is tied to the cycles of international trade, with
higher volumes of shipments  from August through  December than during the other
months of the year. The lowest volume of shipments  generally  occurs in January
and February.

Including U.S. export and import revenue, BAX Global's  international  shipments
and logistics  services accounted for approximately 77% of its revenues in 2004.
Intra-U.S. shipments accounted for approximately 23% of total revenues in 2004.

BAX Global's network has a worldwide communications and information system which
provides  global  tracking  and  tracing of  shipments  and  logistics  data for
management  information  reports,  enabling  customers to improve efficiency and
control costs.  BAX Global's  customers are  increasingly  turning to its online
services offering information management via its website, www.baxglobal.com.

North American Aircraft Operations
BAX Global's wholly owned subsidiary, ATI, is a U.S.-based freight and passenger
airline that operates a  certificated  fleet of DC-8  aircraft.  BAX Global also
operates  Boeing  727s under  contracts  with third  parties  that  provide  the
aircraft,  crew, maintenance and insurance ("ACMI"). In addition to the aircraft
assigned  to BAX  Global's  North  American  transportation  network,  ATI  also
provides domestic and international service for the U.S. Government Air Mobility
Command and other charter customers.

The following is a summary of BAX Global's fleet as of December 31, 2004.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                            BAX Global's
                                           Transportation          Charter
                            Aircraft           Network            Customers           Grounded         Total
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S> <C>
Cargo:
   Leased                    DC-8                10                    2                 -               12
   ACMI                      727                 11                    -                 -               11
   Owned                     DC-8                 -                    -                 3                3
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cargo                                            21                    2                 3               26

Combi-Configured (a):
   Leased                    DC-8                 -                    1                 -                1
   Owned                     DC-8                 -                    3                 2                5
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Combi-configured                                  -                    4                 2                6
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total                                         21                    6                 5               32
============================================================================================================
(a)  Aircraft configured to accommodate both passengers and cargo for use in
     charter business.

</TABLE>

                                       8

<PAGE>

Of the 21 planes in BAX  Global's  transportation  network,  18 are  assigned to
regularly scheduled routes. Generally,  three planes are held for use as backups
or are in maintenance. Grounded planes are held for sale or to provide parts for
use in other Company planes.

For aircraft  held under  long-term  lease,  BAX Global is  responsible  for the
normal costs of operating and maintaining the aircraft. In addition,  BAX Global
is responsible for all or a portion of any special  maintenance or modifications
which may be required by Federal Aviation  Administration ("FAA") regulations or
orders (see "Government  Regulation" below). BAX Global's ultimate liability for
mandated special  maintenance or  modifications  is generally  subject to dollar
limits,  specific exclusions and sharing arrangements with the lessors. Over the
last three  years,  BAX Global  spent a total of  approximately  $80  million on
routine heavy maintenance of its aircraft fleet.

BAX Global is responsible for fuel costs and most other incidental costs such as
landing fees for aircraft operated under ACMI contracts.

See notes 15 and 23 to the  consolidated  financial  statements in the Company's
2004 Annual Report for information  regarding  future minimum lease payments and
other purchase  commitments related to the Company's  aircraft.  BAX Global's 13
leased aircraft have various expiration dates extending through 2005, and its 11
planes under ACMI contracts have various expiration dates through 2005. Based on
the current state of the aircraft  leasing  market,  BAX Global believes that it
should be able to renew these  agreements or enter into new  agreements on terms
reasonably comparable to those currently in effect.

The average  airframe age of the fleet operated by ATI is in excess of 30 years;
however,  the  condition of a particular  aircraft and its fair market value are
dependent on its  maintenance  history.  Factors  other than age, such as cycles
(essentially  the  number  of  flights),  can have a  significant  impact  on an
aircraft's  serviceability.  Generally, cargo aircraft tend to have fewer cycles
than passenger  aircraft over  comparable time periods because they are used for
fewer flights per day and longer flight segments.

Fuel  costs are a  significant  element  of the  total  costs of  operating  BAX
Global's  aircraft fleet.  Fuel prices are subject to worldwide and local market
conditions.  In order to protect  against price increases in jet fuel, from time
to time BAX Global enters into hedging  agreements,  including  swap  contracts,
options and  collars.  BAX Global  charges a fuel  surcharge  in the U.S. to its
customers when fuel costs are higher than the normal historical range.

Supply Chain Management Services
BAX  Global's  supply  chain  management  business   specializes  in  developing
solutions that include the design,  implementation  and management of inventory,
distribution  and information  processes to improve a customer's  efficiency and
productivity.

BAX Global operates value-added logistics warehouse and distribution  facilities
in key world markets. Companies in the healthcare, retail, automotive, aerospace
and high technology industries have been targeted as businesses with significant
supply chain management needs.

Worldwide revenues from the supply chain management business  represented 10% of
BAX Global's total revenues in 2004.

Customers
BAX  Global's  customers  include  thousands of large and small  industrial  and
commercial  businesses.  Worldwide,  BAX Global's top 10 customers accounted for
approximately  14% of total BAX Global  revenue  in 2004.  The  Company  targets
customers in the aerospace, automotive,  healthcare, high technology, retail and
other industries where rapid delivery of high-value products is required.

Competition
The  transportation  and supply chain  management  industries  have been and are
expected to remain highly competitive.  The principal competitive factors in the
transportation  industry are price, the ability to provide consistently fast and
reliable  delivery of shipments and the ability to provide premium services such
as shipment  tracking.  The  principal  competitive  factors in the supply chain
industry are price, access to a reliable transportation network, warehousing and
distribution capabilities, and sophisticated information systems.

There is aggressive price competition in the heavy-freight market,  particularly
for the business of high volume shippers. BAX Global competes with various types
of transportation companies, including other integrated transportation companies
that  operate  their own fleets,  as well as with  freight  forwarders,  premium
less-than-truckload   (or  "LTL")  carriers,   express  delivery  services,  and
passenger airlines.

BAX Global also competes in the U.S. with freight delivery  services provided by
ground  transportation  companies,  including trucking firms and surface freight
forwarders  that  offer  specialized   time-specific   services  within  limited
geographical areas.


                                       9

<PAGE>


BAX Global believes its hub-and-spoke network of aircraft and trucks that serves
the North  American  market  allows it to move freight more  reliably than if it
solely used  third-party  services.  The hub, which is located in Toledo,  Ohio,
consists of various  facilities,  including  a  technologically  advanced  heavy
freight handling system,  which is capable of sorting  approximately one million
pounds of freight per hour. BAX Global's  hub-and-spoke system feeds much of its
North American  import and export business and BAX Global believes it provides a
competitive  advantage by offering superior,  reliable service to its customers,
shipping to, from or within North America.

As an international freight forwarder, BAX Global competes with government-owned
or subsidized  passenger  airlines and postal services.  In ocean shipping,  BAX
Global  negotiates  global  contracts  as a freight  forwarder  and a Non Vessel
Operating  ("NVO")  Common  Carrier,  which allows it to compete  against  other
freight forwarding/NVO companies.

In supply chain management  services,  BAX Global competes with many third-party
logistics providers.

Employee Relations
BAX Global and its subsidiaries have approximately  12,000 employees  worldwide,
of whom about 1,900 are classified as part-time.

As of December 31, 2004,  approximately 195 flight crewmembers (captains,  first
officers and flight  engineers),  were  represented  for purposes of  collective
bargaining by the International  Brotherhood of Teamsters. This contract expired
in 2004 and is in the process of being  renegotiated.  Another 125  employees in
the U.S.  (principally  customer  service,  clerical  and/or dock  workers) were
represented  by labor  unions  that in most cases are also  affiliated  with the
International  Brotherhood  of  Teamsters.  BAX  Global did not  experience  any
significant  strike or work  stoppage  in 2004 and  believes  that its  employee
relations are satisfactory.

Government Regulation
The air transportation industry,  including BAX Global, is subject to regulation
by the  FAA  under  the  Federal  Aviation  Act of  1958,  as  amended,  and the
Transportation   Security   Administration   ("TSA")   under  the  Aviation  and
Transportation  Security Act of 2001.  The FAA is an agency of the Department of
Transportation  ("DOT")  and TSA is an  agency  of the  Department  of  Homeland
Security.

BAX  Global  is  subject  to  various  other  requirements  and  regulations  in
connection   with  its  operations,   including   certain  safety  and  security
regulations  of the DOT and other  federal  and  state  agencies.  BAX  Global's
international  operations  are regulated to varying  degrees by the countries in
which they operate.

Properties
BAX Global has approximately 260 company-operated  stations (90 domestic and 170
international)  and has agency  agreements  with  approximately  115 stations (9
domestic and 106 international). BAX Global's stations are usually located at or
near airports or other  transportation  corridors.  BAX Global operates domestic
stations,  which  generally  include  office  space and  warehousing  facilities
located in 39 states,  the  District of  Columbia  and Puerto  Rico.  Nearly all
company-operated stations are leased.

BAX Global operates its main freight-sorting operation and related facilities at
its  hub  in  Toledo,  Ohio.  This  hub is  operated  under  a  lease  with  the
Toledo-Lucas County Port Authority which expires in 2013. The lease provides BAX
Global with rights of renewal for three five-year  periods.  Other facilities in
the U.S. are held under leases having terms of one to ten years.

BAX  Global  provides  certain   transportation   customers  with  supply  chain
management  services and operates more than 130 leased  logistics  warehouse and
distribution facilities in key world markets.

BAX Global has, under lease through 2012, a 116,000 square foot corporate office
facility located in Irvine, California.

See "Aircraft  Operations" above for information  about  contracted,  leased and
owned aircraft.


                                       10

<PAGE>



FORMER OPERATIONS

The Company sold or shut down its coal operations in 2002, sold its natural gas,
timber and gold  operations in 2003 and 2004.  The Company has retained  certain
coal-related   liabilities  and  related  expenses.   Retained  liabilities  are
significant  and include  obligations  related to  postretirement  benefits  for
Company-sponsored  medical  plans,  black lung benefits,  reclamation  and other
costs  related  to  closed  mines,  Health  Benefit  Act  obligations,  workers'
compensation claims and costs of withdrawal from  multi-employer  pension plans.
The Company expects to have  significant  ongoing  expenses and cash outflow for
retained liabilities relating to its former coal operations. See notes 4, 6, and
23 to the consolidated financial statements, which notes are herein incorporated
by reference.

At December 31, 2004, the Company had  approximately 29 employees related to its
former natural  resource  operations.  These  employees  perform  various duties
including  reclaiming,  maintaining  and selling  residual  assets and  managing
retained liabilities related to the former coal operations.

Forward-Looking Information
Certain of the matters discussed herein,  including statements regarding foreign
exchange rates and other risks associated with foreign  operations,  significant
ongoing  expenses and cash outflows for retained  liabilities  related to former
coal operations in the future (including costs related to the  administration of
retained  liabilities),  the introduction of new products and services by BHS in
2005, BHS' continued  expansion into the commercial  market,  the  uninterrupted
supply of equipment to BHS, the impact of the refusal of police  departments  to
respond to calls from alarm  companies  without visual  verification on BHS, the
completion  of BHS'  second  station,  the  ability  of BHS'  Irving  and second
stations to back each other up, BAX's continued expansion of sales and marketing
efforts to small and mid-sized  forwarders,  the expected seasonal impact on the
volumes  shipped by BAX  Global,  the  ability  of BAX  Global to renew  certain
aircraft  leases or enter into new leases on reasonably  comparable  terms,  the
highly  competitive  nature of the  transportation  and supply chain  management
industries,  the  renegotiation of union contracts and liability for reclamation
related to the former coal operations, involve forward-looking information which
is subject to known and unknown risks,  uncertainties,  and contingencies  which
could cause actual results,  performance or achievements,  to differ  materially
from those which are anticipated.

Such  risks,  uncertainties  and  contingencies,  many of which are  beyond  the
control  of the  Company,  include,  but are not  limited  to,  fluctuations  in
interest and exchange  rates,  economic,  business and social  conditions in the
U.S.  and  abroad,  effectiveness  of  hedging  activities  and the  ability  of
counterparties  to  perform,  actual  retirement  experience  of the former coal
operation's  employees,  black lung claims  incidence,  the number of dependents
covered under benefit obligations,  coal industry turnover rates, actual medical
and legal costs relating to the benefits,  changes in inflation rates (including
the continued  volatility of medical inflation),  the incidence of false alarms,
the willingness of BHS' customers to pay for private response personnel or other
alternatives  to police  responses to alarms,  the performance of BHS' equipment
suppliers,  BHS'  ability to  cost-effectively  develop  new systems in a timely
manner,  decisions  regarding  continued  support of the  developing  commercial
business, development delays relating to the second customer service, monitoring
and computer backup facility, including construction,  permitting and IT delays,
the market for airplanes of the type used by BAX Global,  concessions  requested
by Brink's,  BAX Global or the applicable union,  changes in the scope or method
of remediation or monitoring required under the coal-related permits, the demand
for the  Company's  products  and  services,  the ability of the Company and its
operations  to obtain  appropriate  insurance  coverage  at  reasonable  prices,
pricing and other  competitive  industry  factors,  fuel prices,  new government
regulations  and  legislative   initiatives,   issuance  of  permits,   judicial
decisions, and variations in costs or expenses.


                                       11

<PAGE>






ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Not applicable.


ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTER TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Not applicable.


                                       12

<PAGE>


Executive Officers of the Registrant

The  following  is a list as of  March 1,  2005,  of the  names  and ages of the
executive  and other  officers of The Brink's  Company and the names and ages of
certain  officers of its  subsidiaries,  indicating the principal  positions and
offices  held by  each.  There  is no  family  relationship  between  any of the
officers named.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Name                       Age   Positions and Offices Held                                     Held Since
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S> <C>
Executive Officers:
Michael T. Dan             54    President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board      1998
James B. Hartough          57    Vice President-Corporate Finance and Treasurer                    1988
Frank T. Lennon            63    Vice President-Human Resources and Administration                 1985
Austin F. Reed             53    Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary                     1994
Robert T. Ritter           53    Vice President and Chief Financial Officer                        1998

Other Officers:
Matthew A. P. Schumacher   46    Controller                                                        2001
Arthur E. Wheatley         62    Vice President and Director-Risk Management                       1988

Subsidiary Officers:
Robert B. Allen            51    President of Brink's Home Security, Inc.                          2001
Joseph L. Carnes           47    President of BAX Global Inc.                                      2000
Richard M. Gold            54    President of Brink's, Incorporated                                2004
==========================================================================================================
</TABLE>

Executive  and other  officers of The Brink's  Company are elected  annually and
serve at the pleasure of its Board of Directors.

Mr. Dan was elected  President,  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Director of The
Brink's Company in February 1998 and was elected Chairman of the Board effective
January  1,  1999.  He also  serves  as  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  Brink's,
Incorporated,  a position he has held since July 1993 and as President and Chief
Executive  Officer  of Brink's  Holding  Company,  a position  he has held since
December 31, 1995. He served as President of Brink's, Incorporated from December
2002 until  January  2004. He also serves as Chairman of the Board of BAX Global
Inc., a position he has held since February 1998.  From August 1992 to July 1993
he served as President of North American operations of Brink's, Incorporated and
as Executive Vice President of Brink's, Incorporated from 1985 to 1992.

Mr. Ritter  joined The Brink's  Company as Vice  President  and Chief  Financial
Officer  in  August  1998.  From  June  1996 to July  1998,  he  served as Chief
Financial  Officer of WLR Foods,  Inc. He was a private  investor and  financial
consultant  from April 1995 to May 1996 and was  Treasurer at American  Cyanamid
Company from March 1991 to January 1994 and  Controller  from  February  1994 to
March 1995.

Messrs.  Hartough,  Lennon,  Reed and  Wheatley  have  served  in their  present
positions for more than the past five years.

Mr.  Schumacher  joined the Company as Controller in July 2001. Prior to joining
the Company, he was employed by NL Industries,  Inc. as the Assistant Controller
from 1997 through July 2001.

Mr. Allen joined  Brink's Home  Security,  Inc. in August 1999 as Executive Vice
President and Chief Operating  Officer.  He was promoted to President of Brink's
Home  Security,  Inc. in March 2001.  From January 1997 to August 1999,  he held
various positions at Aegis  Communications  Group (formerly ATC  Communications)
including  Executive Vice  President of Sales and Marketing and Chief  Operating
Officer.  From 1980 through  1996,  he held various  domestic and  international
positions at Frito-Lay  including Vice President of Field  Marketing and Country
Manager in Greece and Turkey.

Mr.  Carnes was elected  President of BAX Global Inc. in May 2000. He joined BAX
Global Inc. as President - U.S. and Canada in September  1999.  Prior to joining
BAX Global Inc., he served as Executive Vice President,  North America for Fritz
Companies Inc. where he was employed from 1987 to 1999.

Mr. Gold joined Brink's,  Incorporated as President on January 1, 2004. Prior to
joining the Company, he was employed by Cummins,  Inc. for 23 years. In his last
position,  he served as Vice President,  General  Manager of a Cummins  business
unit.


                                       13

<PAGE>


PART II
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The  Company's  common  stock  trades on the New York Stock  Exchange  under the
symbol "BCO."

The following table provides  information  about common stock repurchases by the
Company during the quarter ended December 31, 2004.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                  (d) Maximum Number
                                                             (c) Total Number       (or Approximate
                                                            of Shares Purchased      Dollar Value) of
                      (a) Total Number                       as Part of Publicly    Shares that May Yet
                         of Shares      (b) Average Price     Announced Plans       be Purchased Under
Period                  Purchased (1)     Paid per Share       or Programs         the Plans or Programs
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S> <C>
December 1 through
 December 31, 2004        7,816         $    39.00                 -                         -
========================================================================================================
</TABLE>

(1)  Stock-for-stock  exchanges for payments of exercise cost upon  exercises of
     stock options.


Reference  is made to page 126 of the  Company's  2004  Annual  Report  which is
herein incorporated by reference, for other information required by this item.


ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reference  is made to page 127 of the  Company's  2004  Annual  Report  which is
herein incorporated by reference, for information required by this item.


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND
FINANCIAL CONDITION
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reference  is made to pages 22 through 73 of the  Company's  2004 Annual  Report
which is herein  incorporated  by reference,  for  information  required by this
item.


ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The information regarding quantitative and qualitative  disclosures about market
risk is included in this report under Item 7.


ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reference is made to pages 74 through 126 of the  Company's  2004 Annual  Report
which is herein  incorporated  by reference,  for  information  required by this
item.


ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Not applicable.


                                       14

<PAGE>

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pursuant  to Rule  13a-15(b)  under the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  the
Company  carried out an  evaluation,  with the  participation  of the  Company's
management,  including the Company's Chief Executive  Officer and Vice President
and Chief Financial  Officer,  of the effectiveness of the Company's  disclosure
controls and procedures  (as defined under Rule  13a-15(e)  under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report.  Based
upon that evaluation,  the Company's Chief Executive  Officer and Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and
procedures are effective in ensuring that  information  required to be disclosed
by the  Company in the  reports  that it files or submits  under the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded,  processed,  summarized and reported,  within
the time  periods  specified  in the  SEC's  rules  and  forms,  and  that  such
information  is  accumulated  and  communicated  to  management,  including  the
Company's  Chief  Executive  Officer  and Vice  President  and  Chief  Financial
Officer,   as  appropriate,   to  allow  timely  decisions   regarding  required
disclosure.

Except for changes put in place to enhance  controls  related to accounting  for
deferred taxes,  there has been no change in the Company's internal control over
financial  reporting  during the  quarter  ended  December  31,  2004,  that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's
internal control over financial reporting.

Reference is made to pages 74 through 75 of the  Company's  2004 Annual  Report,
which are herein  incorporated by reference,  for Management's  Annual Report on
Internal  Control over  Financial  Reporting and the  Attestation  Report of the
Registered Public Accounting Firm.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Company makes the following disclosure in lieu of furnishing it in a Current
Report on Form 8-K  under  Item  2.02.  "Results  of  Operations  and  Financial
Condition."

On March 15, 2005,  the Company  issued a press release  updating its previously
disclosed fourth quarter and year end financial results to reflect the recording
of two  non-cash  items that result in an  increase  in reported  net income and
earnings per share.  A copy of this release is being  furnished as Exhibit 99(b)
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.



                                       15

<PAGE>

PART III
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The information required by this Item regarding directors is herein incorporated
by reference to the Company's definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to
Regulation  14A  within  120 days  after  December  31,  2004.  The  information
regarding  executive officers is included in this report following Item 4, under
the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant."

The  Company has  adopted a Business  Code of Ethics that  applies to all of the
directors,  officers and employees (including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial  Officer  and  Controller)  and has posted  the Code on the  Company's
website.  The Company intends to satisfy the disclosure  requirement  under Item
5.05 of Form 8-K relating to  amendments to or waivers from any provision of the
Business  Code of  Ethics  applicable  to the  Chief  Executive  Officer,  Chief
Financial Officer or Controller by posting this information on the website.  The
internet address is www.brinkscompany.com.


ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The  information  required  by  Item  11 is  incorporated  by  reference  to the
Company's  definitive  proxy  statement to be filed  pursuant to Regulation  14A
within 120 days after December 31, 2004.


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The  information  required  by  Item  12 is  incorporated  by  reference  to the
Company's  definitive  proxy  statement to be filed  pursuant to Regulation  14A
within 120 days after December 31, 2004.


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The  information  required  by  Item  13 is  incorporated  by  reference  to the
Company's  definitive  proxy  statement to be filed  pursuant to Regulation  14A
within 120 days after December 31, 2004.


ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The  information  required  by  Item  14 is  incorporated  by  reference  to the
Company's  definitive  proxy  statement to be filed  pursuant to Regulation  14A
within 120 days after December 31, 2004.


                                       16

<PAGE>


PART IV
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


(a) 1.  All financial statements - see index to financial statements and
        schedules.

    2.  Financial statement schedules - see index to financial statements and
        schedules.

    3.  Exhibits - see exhibit index.


Undertaking
For the purposes of complying  with the  amendments to the rules  governing Form
S-8 (effective  July 13, 1990) under the Securities Act of 1933, the undersigned
Registrant hereby undertakes as follows, which undertaking shall be incorporated
by  reference  into  Registrant's  Registration  Statements  on  Form  S-8  Nos.
333-120254,   2-64258,  33-2039,  33-21393,   33-69040,   33-53565,   333-02219,
333-78631,  333-78633, 333-70758, 333-70772, 333-70766 and 333-70762. Insofar as
indemnification  for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be
permitted to  directors,  officers  and  controlling  persons of the  Registrant
pursuant to the foregoing  provisions,  or otherwise,  the  Registrant  has been
advised  that in the opinion of the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  such
indemnification  is against  public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of
1933  and  is,  therefore,   unenforceable.  In  the  event  that  a  claim  for
indemnification against liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of
expenses  incurred or paid by a director,  officer or controlling  person of the
Registrant  in the  successful  defense of any action,  suit or  proceeding)  is
asserted by such director,  officer or controlling person in connection with the
securities being  registered,  the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its
counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent,  submit to a court
of appropriate  jurisdiction the question whether such  indemnification by it is
against  public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final
adjudication of such issue.


                                       17


<PAGE>


Signatures

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  Registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 15, 2005.


                                                      The Brink's Company
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                          (Registrant)




                                              By         /s/ M. T. Dan
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                          (M. T. Dan,
                                                    Chairman, President and
                                                    Chief Executive Officer)


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following  persons on behalf of the  Registrant and
in the capacities indicated, on March 15, 2005.

      Signatures                                          Title
      -----------------                                -----------

  R. G. Ackerman*                                       Director
  B. C. Alewine*                                        Director
  J. R. Barker*                                         Director
  M. C. Breslawsky*                                     Director
  J. L. Broadhead*                                      Director
  J. S. Brinzo*                                         Director



  /s/ M. T. Dan                                   Chairman, President and
  ----------------------------------               Chief Executive Officer
  (M. T. Dan)                                   (principal executive officer)




  G. Grinstein*                                         Director
  R. M. Gross*                                          Director


  /s/ R. T. Ritter                                     Vice President
  ----------------------------------              and Chief Financial Officer
  (R. T. Ritter)                               (principal financial officer and
                                                 principal accounting officer)



  C. S. Sloane*                                         Director
  R. L. Turner*                                         Director

  *By  /s/ M. T. Dan
       -----------------------------
       (M. T. Dan, Attorney-in-Fact)


                                       18

<PAGE>


Index to Financial Statements and Schedules

Financial Statements:

The  consolidated  financial  statements of The Brink's  Company,  listed in the
index below which are included in the Company's  2004 Annual Report for the year
ended  December  31,  2004,  are  herein  incorporated  by  reference.  With the
exception  of  the  pages  listed  in  the  index  below  and  the   information
incorporated by reference included in Parts I, II and IV, the 2003 Annual Report
of the Shareholders is not deemed filed as part of this report.

THE BRINK'S COMPANY ANNUAL REPORT

                                                        Page Numbers
                                                          in 2004
                                                           Annual
                                                           Report
                                                        ------------

Management's Discussion and Analysis of
   Results of Operations and Financial Condition............22-73
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial
   Reporting................................................74
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm....75-76
Consolidated Balance Sheets.................................77
Consolidated Statements of Operations.......................78
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)......79
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity.............80
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.......................81
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..................82-126
Selected Financial Data.....................................127


Financial Statement Schedules:


                                                        Page numbers
                                                        In Form 10-K
                                                        ------------
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.....19
Schedule II - Valuation and qualifying accounts.............20


                                       19

<PAGE>


             Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm



The Board of Directors
The Brink's Company:


Under date of March 15, 2005, we reported on the consolidated  balance sheets of
The Brink's Company and  subsidiaries  (the Company) as of December 31, 2004 and
2003,  and the related  consolidated  statements  of  operations,  comprehensive
income (loss), shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the
three-year  period  ended  December  31,  2004,  as contained in the 2004 annual
report  on Form  10-K.  In  connection  with our  audits  of the  aforementioned
consolidated  financial  statements,  we  also  audited  the  related  financial
statement schedule as included herein.  This financial statement schedule is the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on this financial statement schedule based on our audits.

In our opinion,  such financial statement schedule,  when considered in relation
to the  basic  consolidated  financial  statements  taken as a  whole,  presents
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.


/s/ KPMG LLP

Richmond, Virginia
March 15, 2005



                                       20

<PAGE>


                               The Brink's Company
                 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
             For the Years Ending December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
                                  (in millions)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                               Balance at     Charged to                      Charge to     Currency      Balance at
                                              Beginning of     Costs and                        Other       Translation     End of
                                                 Period      Expenses (a)   Deductions (b)    Account (c)   Adjustment      Period
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S> <C>
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
-------------------------------
Year Ended December 31, 2002                    $ 41.8            4.6          (11.8)             -             0.9            35.5
Year Ended December 31, 2003                      35.5           (1.1)          (7.5)             -             0.7            27.6
Year Ended December 31, 2004                      27.6            4.0           (5.8)             -             0.9            26.7


Valuation Allowance for Deferred Tax Assets
-------------------------------------------
Year Ended December 31, 2002                    $ 10.3            1.5           (0.8)             -            (2.0)            9.0
Year Ended December 31, 2003                       9.0           34.3           (0.6)             -             0.8            43.5
Year Ended December 31, 2004                      43.5           10.2           (0.6)            0.7            2.0            55.8
</TABLE>


(a) Includes amounts charged to loss from discontinued operations.

(b) Amounts written off, less recoveries.

(c) Includes amounts charged to Other Comprehensive Income.


                                       21

<PAGE>


Exhibit Index

Each Exhibit listed previously filed document is hereby incorporated by
reference to such document.


Exhibit
Number                Description

2(i)    Membership   Interest  Acquisition   Agreement   Among   Air   Transport
        International  LLC and  BAX Global Inc., dated February 3, 1998. Exhibit
        2 to the  Registrant's  Current Report  on Form 8-K filed  May 14, 1998.

2(ii)   Share Purchase  Agreement, dated as of January 27, 1998, between Brink's
        Security   International,  Inc.,  acting  as Purchaser,  and Generale de
        Transport  et   D'Industrie,  acting  as  Seller.  Exhibit  10(v) to the
        Registrant's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K  for the year  ended  December
        31, 1998 (the "1998 Form 10-K").

2(iii)  Shareholders' Agreement, dated as  of  January 10, 1997, between Brink's
        Security  International, Inc., and Valores  Tamanaco, C.A. Exhibit 10(w)
        to the 1998 Form 10-K.

3(i)    Amended  and  Restated   Articles  of Incorporation of  the  Registrant.
        Exhibit 3(i) to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed  March
        2, 2005.

3(ii)   Amended and Restated Bylaws of  the  Registrant.  Exhibit 3(ii)  to  the
        Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 2, 2005.

4(a)    Amended and  Restated  Rights  Agreement dated as  of  September 1, 2003
        between the  Registrant  and Equiserve  Trust Company,  N.A., as  Rights
        Agent,  together  with  Form  of Right  Certificate.  Exhibit  1 to  the
        Registrant's  Amendment  No.  4  to  Form  8-A/A  filed October 9, 2003.

10(a)*  Key  Employees  Incentive  Plan,  as amended.  Exhibit 10(a) to the 1998
        Form 10-K.

10(b)*  Key Employees' Deferred Compensation Program, as  amended  and  restated
        effective January  1, 2005. Exhibit 99.1  to  the  Registrant's  Current
        Report on Form 8-K filed November 22, 2004.

10(c)*  (i)    Pension Equalization  Plan as amended.  Exhibit 10(e)(I)  to  the
               Registrant's Annual Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year  ended
               December 31, 1997 (the "1997 Form 10-K").

        (ii)   Amended  and  Restated  Trust Agreement, dated  December 1, 1997,
               between the Registrant and Chase Manhattan Bank, as  Trustee (the
               "Trust Agreement"). Exhibit 10(e)(ii) to the 1997 Form 10-K.

        (iii)  Amendment No. 1 to Trust Agreement, dated as  of August 18, 1999.
               Exhibit 10(c)(iii) to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
               for  the  year  ended December 31, 1999 (the "1999  Form  10-K").

        (iv)   Amendment  No. 2  to  Trust Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2001.
               Exhibit 10(c)(iv) to the Registrant's Annual Report  on Form 10-K
               for the year ended  December  31,  2002 (the "2002  Form  10-K").

        (v)    Amendment  No. 3  to  Trust  Agreement, dated as of September 18,
               2002. Exhibit 10(c)(v) to the 2002 Form 10-K.

        (vi)   Trust  Agreement  under the Pension Equalization Plan, Retirement
               Plan for   Non-Employee   Directors   and   Certain   Contractual
               Arrangements of The Brink's Company  made  as  of  September  16,
               1994,  by  and between  the Registrant  and Chase  Manhattan Bank
               (National   Association),  as   Trustee.  Exhibit  10(i)  to  the
               Registrant's Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
               September  30,  1994  (the  "Third  Quarter  1994   Form  10-Q").

        (vii)  Form of letter agreement dated  as of September 16, 1994, between
               the  Registrant  and  one of  its  officers. Exhibit 10(e) to the
               Third Quarter 1994 Form 10-Q.

        (viii) Form of letter agreement  dated as of September 16, 1994, between
               the  Registrant  and  Participants  pursuant   to   the   Pension
               Equalization Plan. Exhibit 10(f) to the  Third Quarter  1994 Form
               10-Q.

        (ix)   Amendment No. 4 to  Trust  Agreement, dated  as  of September 22,
               2003. Exhibit 10.1 to  the Registrant's  Quarterly Report on Form
               10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2003 (the "Third Quarter
               2003 Form 10-Q").

                                       22

<PAGE>

        (x)    Amendment  No.  5  to  Trust Agreement, dated as of September 20,
               2004. Exhibit 10.1 to  the Registrant's  Quarterly Report on Form
               10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004.

        (xi)   Amendment  to  Pension  Equalization Plan.  Exhibit 99.3  to  the
               Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K  filed November 22, 2004.

        (xii)  Amendment  No.  6  t o Trust  Agreement, dated as of November 22,
               2004. Exhibit 99.4 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K
               filed November 22, 2004.

10(d)*  Executive Salary  Continuation  Plan. Exhibit 10(e) to the  Registrant's
        Annual  Report on  Form  10-K for  the year ended December 31, 1991 (the
        "1991 Form 10-K").

10(e)*  Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan, as amended and restated as of
        January 14, 2000. Exhibit 10(e) to the 1999 Form 10-K.

10(f)*  1988 Stock Option Plan, as amended  and restated as of January 14, 2000.
        Exhibit 10(f) to the 1999 Form 10-K.

10(g)*  Management  Performance  Improvement  Plan,  as  amended  and  restated.
        Exhibit 99 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 2,
        2005.

10(h)*  Form of change in  control  agreement  replacing  all  prior  change  in
        control agreements and amendments and modifications thereto, between the
        Registrant  (or  a  subsidiary)  and various officers of the Registrant.
        Exhibit 10(l)(ii) to the 1997 Form 10-K.

10(i)*  Form  of  Indemnification  Agreement entered into by the Registrant with
        its directors  and officers.  Exhibit  10(l)  to  the  1991  Form  10-K.

10(j)*  (i)    Retirement  Plan for Non-Employee  Directors, as amended. Exhibit
               10(g) to the Third Quarter 1994 Form 10-Q.

        (ii)   Form of letter agreement dated as  of September 16, 1994, between
               the  Registrant  and  its   Non-Employee  Directors  pursuant  to
               Retirement Plan for Non-Employee Directors.  Exhibit 10(h) to the
               Third Quarter 1994 Form 10-Q.

10(k)*  Form of severance agreement between the Registrant (or a subsidiary) and
        various of the Registrant's officers. Exhibit 10(o)(ii) to the 1997 Form
        10-K.

10(l)*  Directors' Stock Accumulation Plan, as amended  and  restated  effective
        January 1, 2005. Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form
        8-K filed November 22, 2004.

10(m)*  Plan for Deferral of Directors' Fees, as amended  and restated effective
        January 1, 2005. Exhibit 99.5 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form
        8-K filed November 22, 2004.

10(n)   (i)    Lease dated as of April 1, 1989, between Toledo-Lucas County Port
               Authority  (the  "Authority"),  as  Lessor,  and  Burlington,  as
               Lessee. Exhibit 10(i) to the  Registrant's  Quarterly  Report  on
               Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter  ended  June  30, 1989 (the "Second
               Quarter 1989 Form 10-Q").

        (ii)   Lease  Guaranty  Agreement  dated  as  of  April 1, 1989, between
               Burlington (formerly Burlington Air  Express Management Inc.), as
               Guarantor, and  the  Authority.  Exhibit  10(ii)  to  the  Second
               Quarter 1989 Form 10-Q.

        (iii)  Trust  Indenture  dated as of April 1, 1989 between the Authority
               and  Society  Bank & Trust (formerly,  Trustcorp. Bank, Ohio), as
               Trustee  (the  "Trustee").  Exhibit 10(iii) to the Second Quarter
               1989 Form 10-Q.

        (iv)   Assignment  of  Basic  Rent  and  Rights  Under a Lease and Lease
               Guaranty dated as of  April 1, 1989  from the  Authority  to  the
               Trustee. Exhibit 10(iv) to  the  Second  Quarter  1989 Form 10-Q.

        (v)    Open-End First Leasehold Mortgage and Security Agreement dated as
               of April 1, 1989 from the Authority to the Trustee. Exhibit 10(v)
               to the Second Quarter 1989 Form 10-Q.

        (vi)   First Supplement to Lease  dated as of  January 1, 1990,  between
               the Authority  and  Burlington, as  Lessee.  Exhibit  10  to  the
               Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarter ended
               March 31, 1990.

        (vii)  Revised  and  Amended  Second  Supplement  to  Lease  dated as of
               September 1, 1990, between the Authority and Burlington.  Exhibit
               10(i) to the Registrant's Quarterly Report  on Form 10-Q  for the
               quarter ended  September 30, 1990 (the "Third Quarter  1990  Form
               10-Q").

                                       23

<PAGE>

        (viii) Amendment Agreement  dated as of September 1, 1990, among City of
               Toledo, Ohio, the Authority, Burlington  and the Trustee. Exhibit
               10(ii) to the Third Quarter 1990 Form 10-Q.

        (ix)   Assumption  and  Non-Merger  Agreement  dated as of  September 1,
               1990, among Burlington, the  Authority and  the Trustee.  Exhibit
               10(iii) to the Third Quarter 1990 Form 10-Q.

        (x)    First  Supplemental  Indenture  between Toledo-Lucas  County Port
               Authority, and Society National Bank, as  Trustee,  dated  as  of
               March 1, 1994. Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's  Quarterly Report
               on Form  10-Q for  the quarter ended  March 31, 1994  (the "First
               Quarter 1994 Form 10-Q").

        (xi)   Third  Supplement  to  Lease  between  Toledo-Lucas  County  Port
               Authority, as Lessor, and Burlington Air Express Inc., as Lessee,
               dated as of March 1, 1994. Exhibit 10.2 to the First Quarter 1994
               Form 10-Q.

        (xii)  Fourth Supplement  to  Lease  between  Toledo-Lucas  County  Port
               Authority, as Lessor, and Burlington Air Express Inc., as Lessee,
               dated as of June 1, 1991. Exhibit  10.3 to the First Quarter 1994
               Form 10-Q.

        (xiii) Fifth  Supplement  to  Lease  between  Toledo-Lucas  County  Port
               Authority, as Lessor, and Burlington Air Express Inc., as Lessee,
               dated  as  of  December  1,  1996.  Exhibit  10(r)(xiii)  to  the
               Registrant's  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the year ended
               December 31, 1996.

10(o)   (i)    Credit  Agreement,  dated  as  of  December  20, 2002, among  BAX
               Global  Inc.,  Brink's,  Incorporated   and  the  Registrant,  as
               Borrowers and Guarantors, and ABN AMRO  Bank, N.V.  Exhibit 10(q)
               (i) to the 2002 Form 10-K.

        (ii)   Guaranty  between  BAX  Global,  as Guarantor, and ABN AMRO Bank,
               N.V. Exhibit 10(q)(ii) to the 2002 Form 10-K.

        (iii)  Guaranty  between  Brink's,  Incorporated, as  Guarantor, and ABN
               AMRO  Bank, N.V.  Exhibit  10(q)(iii)  to  the  2002  Form  10-K.

        (iv)   Guaranty between the Registrant, as Guarantor, and ABN AMRO Bank,
               N.V. Exhibit 10(q)(iv) to the 2002 Form 10-K.

10(p)*  (i)    Employment  Agreement  dated as  of  May  4,  1998,  between  the
               Registrant and Michael T. Dan.  Exhibit 10(a) to the Registrant's
               Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
               1998 (the "Third Quarter 1998 Form 10-Q").

        (ii)   Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement  between  the  Registrant
               and Michael T. Dan.  Exhibit 10  to  the  Registrant's  Quarterly
               Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter  ended   June 30, 2002.

10(q)*  Executive  Agreement  dated as  of May 4, 1998,  between the  Registrant
        and Michael T. Dan.  Exhibit 10(b) to the  Third Quarter 1998 Form 10-Q.

10(r)*  Executive Agreement dated  as of August 7,  1998, between the Registrant
        and Robert T. Ritter. Exhibit 10(c) to the Third Quarter 1998 Form 10-Q.

10(s)*  Severance Agreement dated as of  August 7, 1998,  between the Registrant
        and Robert T. Ritter. Exhibit 10(d) to the Third Quarter 1998 Form 10-Q.

10(t)   Trust Agreement for The Brink's Company Employee Welfare  Benefit Trust.
        Exhibit 10(t) to the 1999 Form 10-K.

10(u)   (i)    Note Purchase Agreement  dated as of  January 18,  2001,  between
               the Registrant and the Purchasers  listed on Schedule A  thereto.
               Exhibit 10(u)(i) to  the Registrant's  Annual Report on Form 10-K
               for  the  year  ended  December 31, 2000  (the "2000 Form 10-K").

        (ii)   Form of Series A  Promissory Note. Exhibit 10(u)(ii) to the  2000
               Form 10-K.

        (iii)  Form of Series B Promissory Note.  Exhibit 10(u)(iii) to the 2000
               Form 10-K.

10(v)   (i)    Receivables  Purchase  Agreement  dated  as of December 15, 2000,
               among BAX Funding Corporation,  BAX Global Inc.,  Liberty  Street
               Funding Corp.  and the Bank of  Nova Scotia.  Exhibit 10(v)(i) to
               the 2000 Form 10-K.

        (ii)   Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as  of December 15, 2000, among
               the  Originators  named therein, BAX  Funding Corporation and BAX
               Global Inc. Exhibit 10(v)(ii) to the 2000 Form 10-K.


                                       24

<PAGE>

10(w)   (i)    Note  Purchase  Agreement  dated as of April 11, 2002 between the
               Registrant and  the  Purchasers set  forth on the signature page.
               Exhibit 10(a)(i)  to  the Registrant's  Quarterly  Report on Form
               10-Q for  the quarter  ended  March 31,  2002 (the "First Quarter
               2002 Form 10-Q").

        (ii)   Form  of  Promissory Note. Exhibit 10(a)(ii) to the First Quarter
               2002 Form 10-Q.

10(x)   (i)    $43,160,000  Bond Purchase Agreement,  dated  September 17, 2003,
               among  the  Peninsula  Ports   Authority  of  Virginia,  Dominion
               Terminal Associates, Pittston Coal  Terminal Corporation  and the
               Registrant. Exhibit 10.2(i) to the Third Quarter 2003  Form 10-Q.

        (ii)   Loan Agreement between the  Peninsula Ports Authority of Virginia
               and  Dominion  Terminal  Associates,  dated  September  1,  2003.
               Exhibit 10.2(ii) to the Third Quarter 2003 Form 10-Q.

        (iii)  Indenture  and  Trust  between  the  Peninsula Ports Authority of
               Virginia and Wachovia Bank, National Association ("Wachovia"), as
               trustee, dated September 1, 2003. Exhibit 10.2(iii) to  the Third
               Quarter 2003 Form 10-Q.

        (iv)   Parent Company Guaranty Agreement,  dated September 1, 2003, made
               by the Registrant  for the benefit of  Wachovia. Exhibit 10.2(iv)
               to the Third Quarter 2003 Form 10-Q.

        (v)    Continuing  Disclosure Undertaking  between  the  Registrant  and
               Wachovia, dated  September 24, 2003. Exhibit 10.2(v) to the Third
               Quarter 2003 Form 10-Q.

        (vi)   Coal  Terminal  Revenue   Refunding   Bond   (Dominion   Terminal
               Associates Project - Brink's Issue) Series 2003. Exhibit 10.2(vi)
               to the Third Quarter 2003 Form 10-Q.

10(y)    $150,000,000 Credit Agreement,  dated as  of November 18, 2004, between
         the Registrant and ABN AMRO Bank N.V.  Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant's
         Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 18, 2004.

10(z)    $400,000,000  Credit  Agreement  among  The  Brink's Company, as Parent
         Borrower, the Subsidiary Borrowers  referred  to  therein,  certain  of
         Parent  Borrower's   Subsidiaries,  as   Guarantors,  Various  Lenders,
         Barclays Bank plc, as Co-Arranger  and  Documentation  Agent,  Bank  of
         America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, Banc of America Securities LLC, as
         Co-Arranger, Scotiabanc Inc. and Wachovia Bank,  National  Association,
         as  Co-Arrangers  and  Syndication  Agents,  JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,  as
         Administrative Agent, and  J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.,  as  Sole  Lead
         Arranger and Bookrunner, dated as of  October 15, 2004. Exhibit 99.1 to
         the  Registrant's  Current  Report  on Form 8-K filed October 18, 2004.

10(aa)   Share  Transfer  Agreement,  dated  February  2,  2005, between Group 4
         Securitas Holdings Limited, as Seller, and Brink's  Limited,  as Buyer.

10(bb)   Share  Transfer  Agreement,  dated  February  2,  2005, between Group 4
         Securicor Holdings  Limited, Securicor  International  BV  and  Brink's
         Luxembourg S.A. and Brink's, Incorporated.

13       Parts of the 2004 Annual Report of the Registrant.

21       Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

23       Consent of independent auditors.

24       Powers of attorney.

31       Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications.

32       Section 1350 Certifications.

99(a)*   Amendment to Pension-Retirement Plan relating to preservation of assets
         of the Pension-Retirement Plan upon a  change in control. Exhibit 99 to
         the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
         31, 1992.

99(b)    Press Release, dated March 15, 2005, issued by the Registrant.


--------------------------
*Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.



                                       25
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
