<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a10k2005.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              Washington, DC 20549

                                    FORM 10-K
     (Mark One)
        [X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES
             EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
             For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005

                                  OR

        [ ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
             EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
             For the transition period from ____________ to ____________


                          Commission file number 1-9148


                               THE BRINK'S COMPANY
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


                 Virginia                                      54-1317776
      (State or other jurisdiction of                         (IRS Employer
      incorporation or organization)                       Identification No.)

                P.O. Box 18100,
              1801 Bayberry Court
              Richmond, Virginia                               23226-8100
   (Address of principal executive offices)                    (Zip Code)


   Registrant's telephone number, including area code        (804) 289-9600


Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                           Name of exchange on
                         Title of each class                 which registered
                         -------------------                 ----------------
        The Brink's Company Common Stock, Par Value $1   New York Stock Exchange
Rights to Purchase Series A Participating
   Cumulative Preferred Stock                            New York Stock Exchange

     Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None

Indicate  by check mark  if the registrant  is a  well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
                                                       Yes  [X]       No  [ ]

Indicate  by  check mark  if the  registrant is not  required  to  file  reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
                                                       Yes  [ ]       No  [X]

Indicate  by check  mark  whether  the  registrant:  (1) has filed  all  reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during the  preceding  12 months and (2) has been  subject to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.
                                                       Yes  [X]       No  [ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X]

Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  registrant  is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2 of the Act).
                                                       Yes  [X]       No  [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the  registrant is a shell Company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
                                                       Yes  [ ]       No  [X]


<PAGE>

As of March 1, 2006,  there were  issued and  outstanding  58,724,211  shares of
common  stock.  The  aggregate  market  value of shares of common  stock held by
nonaffiliates as of June 30, 2005 was $1,977,966,540.

Documents  incorporated  by reference:  Part I, Part II and Part IV  incorporate
information  by  reference  from the Annual  Report of the  Company for the year
ended  December 31, 2005.  Part III  incorporates  information by reference from
portions  of the  Registrant's  definitive  2006  Proxy  Statement  to be  filed
pursuant to Regulation 14A.


                                       2


<PAGE>

================================================================================
PART I
================================================================================

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


The Brink's Company

The Brink's  Company (the  "Company"),  a Virginia  corporation  incorporated in
1930, conducts business in the security industry, principally through its wholly
owned subsidiaries: Brink's, Incorporated ("Brink's") and Brink's Home Security,
Inc. ("BHS").

On January 31, 2006, the Company sold BAX Global Inc., ("BAX Global"),  a wholly
owned  freight  transportation  subsidiary  for $1.1  billion in cash.  In prior
years,  the  Company  disposed  of its  coal,  natural  gas,  timber,  and  gold
businesses,  however,  the Company retained  significant  liabilities from these
operations.

Financial   information  related  to  the  Company's   subsidiaries  and  former
operations  is included in the  following  notes to the  consolidated  financial
statements  in  the  Company's  2005  Annual  Report,  which  notes  are  herein
incorporated by reference:

        o  Brink's and BHS - note 2
        o  BAX Global - note 5
        o  Former Natural  Resource operations - note 5

The  Company  has  approximately  45,800  employees  in  the  security  industry
including  approximately  42,400  at  Brink's  and  3,300  at  BHS.  There  were
approximately 12,200 employees at BAX Global at December 31, 2005.

A significant  portion of the Company's business is conducted outside the United
States.  Because  the  financial  results of the  Company  are  reported in U.S.
dollars, they are affected by changes in the value of various foreign currencies
in relation to the U.S.  dollar.  The Company,  from time to time,  uses foreign
currency forward contracts to hedge certain  transactional risks associated with
foreign  currencies.  The  Company is also  subject to other  risks  customarily
associated  with  doing  business  in  foreign  countries,  including  labor and
economic conditions, political instability, controls on repatriation of earnings
and  capital,  nationalization,  expropriation  and other  forms of  restrictive
action by local  governments.  The future  effects of such risks on the  Company
cannot be predicted.

Available Information and Corporate Governance Documents

The Brink's  Company's  internet address is  www.brinkscompany.com.  The Company
makes available,  free of charge, through its website, its Annual Report on Form
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments
to those  reports  filed or furnished  pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act as soon as reasonably  practicable after the Company electronically
files such  information  with or  furnishes  it to the  Securities  and Exchange
Commission.  In addition,  the Corporate Governance  Policies,  Business Code of
Ethics and the charters of the Audit and Ethics,  Compensation and Benefits, and
Corporate  Governance and  Nominating  Committees are available on the Company's
website and are available in print,  without  charge,  to any  shareholder  upon
request by contacting the Corporate  Secretary at 1801 Bayberry Court, P. O. Box
18100, Richmond, Virginia 23226-8100.


SECURITY SERVICES

Brink's, Incorporated ("Brink's")

General
Brink's is the oldest  and  largest  secure  transportation  and cash  logistics
service  company in the U.S., and is a market leader in many of the countries in
which it  operates.  Brink's  has  operations  throughout  the world with 36% of
Brink's 2005 revenues provided by operations in North America.  Brink's in North
America  serves  customers  through 158  branches in the U.S. and 51 branches in
Canada.

Brink's  operations  outside  North  America  are  located in  approximately  50
countries,  with  concentrations  in Europe (45% of Brink's 2005  revenues)  and
South America (16% of Brink's 2005 revenues.)  Over the past two years,  Brink's
acquired security  operations in seven countries.  These acquisitions  increased
revenues by approximately $104 million in 2005. In addition, Brink's has growing
operations  in the  Asia-Pacific  region of the world that  accounted  for 3% of
Brink's 2005 revenues.  Brink's  largest  operations  outside North America,  in
terms  of  Brink's  2005  revenues,  were  located  in  France,  Venezuela,  the
Netherlands,  Brazil, Germany, the United Kingdom and Colombia. These operations
accounted for 74% of Brink's 2005 revenues outside of North America.

Brink's ownership interest in subsidiaries and affiliated  companies ranged from
20% to 100% at December 31, 2005. In some instances  local laws limit the extent
of Brink's ownership interest.


                                       3

<PAGE>


Customers
Brink's customers include:

        o  banks;
        o  retail and other commercial businesses;
        o  investment banking and brokerage firms; and
        o  government agencies, such as a country's central bank.

Services
The major services offered by Brink's include:

        o  armored car transportation;
        o  automated teller machine ("ATM") servicing;
        o  currency and deposit processing, including "Cash Logistics" services;
        o  deploying and servicing safes and safe control devices, including its
           patented CompuSafe(R) service;
        o  coin sorting and wrapping;
        o  arranging the secure air transportation of valuables ("Global
           Services"); and
        o  transporting, storing and destroying  sensitive  information ("Secure
           Data Solutions").

Brink's   armored  car   transportation   services   generally   include  secure
transportation of:

        o  cash between businesses and banks;
        o  cash, securities and  other  negotiable items  and  valuables between
           commercial  banks, central  banks (such  as the U.S. Federal  Reserve
           Banks and their branches and  correspondents) and investment  banking
           and brokerage firms;
        o  new currency, coins and precious metals for a number of central banks
           throughout the world;
        o  canceled  checks between banks or  between a clearing house  and  its
           member banks in certain geographic areas.

Brink's  provides  coin and currency  processing  (including  "Cash  Logistics")
services  primarily  to banks and retail  customers.  Cash  Logistics is a fully
integrated  solution  that  proactively  manages  the supply  chain of cash from
point-of-sale  through deposit at a bank. The process  includes  transportation,
cashier  balancing and  reporting,  deposit  processing and  consolidation,  and
electronic  information  exchange.  Retail  customers use Brink's Cash Logistics
services  to  count  and  reconcile  coins  and  currency  in a  Brink's  secure
environment,  to  prepare  bank  deposit  information  and to  replenish  retail
locations' coins and currency in proper denominations.

Through its proprietary cash processing and information systems,  Brink's offers
customers  the  ability  to  integrate  a full  range of vault,  ATM  servicing,
transportation,   storage,   processing,   inventory  management  and  reporting
services. Brink's believes that the quality and scope of its cash processing and
information   systems   differentiate  its  Cash  Logistics  services  from  its
competitors.

Brink's  CompuSafe(R)  services  provide  retail  customers  with a  proprietary
integrated  system for  safeguarding  and  managing  cash.  Brink's  markets its
CompuSafe(R) services to a variety of cash-intensive  retail customers,  such as
convenience   stores,  gas  stations  and  restaurants.   The  service  includes
installing a specialized safe in the retail establishment that holds safeguarded
cassettes.  The customer's  employees  deposit currency into the cassettes which
can only be removed by Brink's  armored car  personnel.  The  cassettes are then
taken to a secure  currency room where the contents are verified and transferred
for  deposit.  Deposit  details  can  then  be  electronically  reported  to the
customer.

For transporting  money and other valuables over long distances,  Brink's Global
Services  offers a combined  armored car and secure air  transportation  service
between  many cities  around the world.  Brink's  uses  regularly  scheduled  or
chartered aircraft in connection with its air transportation services.  Included
in Global  Services is a specialized  diamond and jewelry secure  transportation
operation, with offices in the major diamond and jewelry centers of the world.

Brink's  also  provides  secure  document  destruction  services  using  its SCS
TechnologySM,  a highly advanced size-controlled shredding system which destroys
in minutes what could  otherwise take days to shred. In 2005,  Brink's  launched
Secure  Data   Solutions.   Brink's   provides   customers   with  domestic  and
international  solutions  for  transferring,  storing and  destroying  sensitive
information.  Brink's uses its armored car  transportation,  Global Services and
document destruction services to ensure sensitive information is transported and
handled securely.

Brink's provides  individualized  services under separate  contracts designed to
meet the distinct  transportation,  security and logistics  requirements  of its
customers.  These contracts are usually for an initial term of at least one year
but continue in effect thereafter until canceled by either party.


                                       4

<PAGE>


Competition

Brink's competes with a number of large multinational and many smaller companies
throughout the world.

The primary  factors that attract and retain  customers  are  security,  service
quality and price. Brink's believes its competitive advantages include:

        o  "Brink's" brand name recognition;
        o  reputation for a high level of service and security;
        o  proprietary cash processing and information systems;
        o  high-quality insurance coverage and general financial strength;
        o  risk management capabilities; and
        o  the  ability  to  offer services  around the  world to  multinational
           customers.

Brink's  believes  its cost  structure  is  generally  competitive,  although it
believes certain  competitors may have lower costs as a result of lower wage and
employee  benefit  levels  or as a result  of  different  security  and  service
standards.

Competitive conditions often cause customers and potential customers to focus on
the cost of all services  including armored car services.  As a result,  Brink's
often faces pricing  pressures from competitors in a number of markets.  Because
Brink's management believes that the high level of service and security provided
differentiates Brink's from its competitors,  Brink's resists competing on price
alone.

The  availability  of quality  and  reliable  insurance  coverage  for  security
services is an important  factor in the ability of Brink's to attract and retain
customers and to manage the risks of its business.  Brink's is self-insured  for
much of the loss of cash or valuables while in its possession,  however, Brink's
purchases  insurance  coverage for losses in excess of what it considers prudent
deductibles and/or retentions.  Brink's insurance policies cover security losses
from most  causes,  with the  exception of war,  nuclear risk and certain  other
exclusions  typical  for such  policies.  Brink's  generally  does not offer its
customers protection from losses arising from excluded causes.

Insurance  for  security is  provided by  different  groups of  underwriters  at
negotiated  rates and terms.  This  insurance  is  available to Brink's in major
markets although the premiums  charged are subject to fluctuations  depending on
market  conditions.  The security  loss  experience of Brink's and, to a limited
extent, other armored carriers affects premium rates charged to Brink's.

Operationally,  Brink's  performance  may vary  from  period  to  period.  Since
revenues are  generated  from charges per service  performed as well as on an ad
valorem  basis,  revenues  can be affected by the level of activity in economies
and the volume of  business  for  specific  customers.  In  addition,  contracts
generally  run for one or more years and there are costs  which must be incurred
to prepare to service a new  customer or to  transition  away from one.  Brink's
performance  is  generally  higher  in  the  second  half  of the  year,  and in
particular  in the fourth  quarter,  because of the  generally  higher  economic
activity.

Service Mark and Patents
BRINKS is a registered  service mark in the U.S. and certain foreign  countries.
The BRINKS mark, name and related marks are of material  significance to Brink's
business.  Brink's  owns  patents  expiring  in 2008 and 2009 for  certain  coin
sorting and  counting  machines.  Brink's has  patents for safes  including  its
integrated  CompuSafe(R)  service, that expire in 2015 through 2018. The patents
for the safes including  CompuSafe(R)  device and sorting and counting  machines
provide important  advantages to Brink's.  However,  Brink's  operations are not
dependent on the existence of the aforementioned patents.

The Company has entered into certain  agreements  to license the Brink's and the
Brink's  Home  Security  name.  Examples  include  licenses to  distributors  of
security products (padlocks, home safes, door and window hardware, etc.) offered
for sale to consumers through major retail chains.

Government Regulation
The U.S.  operations of Brink's are subject to regulation by the U.S. Department
of  Transportation  with  respect  to safety of  operations  and  equipment  and
financial responsibility. Intrastate operations in the U.S. are subject to state
regulation  and  intraprovince  operations  in Canada are subject to federal and
provincial  regulations.  Brink's  International  operations  are  regulated  to
varying degrees by the countries in which they operate.


                                       5

<PAGE>


Employee Relations
At December 31, 2005,  Brink's and its  subsidiaries  had  approximately  42,400
employees,  including  10,600  employees in North  America,  (of whom 1,800 were
classified as part-time  employees) and 31,800 employees  outside North America.
At December 31, 2005, Brink's was a party to 13 collective bargaining agreements
in  North  America  with  various  local  unions  covering  approximately  1,700
employees,  almost all of whom are  employees  in Canada  and  members of unions
affiliated with the International  Brotherhood of Teamsters. Six agreements will
expire in 2006 and are expected to be  renegotiated.  The  remaining  agreements
have various  expiration dates after 2006 and extending through 2009. Outside of
North  America,  approximately  25% of branch  employees are members of labor or
employee  organizations  in the  majority  of the  countries  in  which  Brink's
operates. Brink's believes its employee relations are satisfactory.


Brink's Home Security ("BHS")

General
BHS  believes  that it is the second  largest  provider  of  monitored  security
services for  residential  and commercial  properties in North  America.  BHS is
primarily engaged in the business of marketing,  selling, installing,  servicing
and monitoring  electronic  security  systems in  owner-occupied,  single-family
residences.  To a lesser  extent,  BHS markets,  sells,  installs,  services and
monitors  electronic security systems in commercial  locations.  At December 31,
2005,  BHS had  approximately  1,019,000  systems  under  monitoring  contracts,
including  approximately  167,300 related to subscribers  added during 2005. The
vast  majority of  monitoring  service  contracts  start with an initial term of
three years and renew on an annual basis  thereafter.  BHS provides  services to
subscribers  located in most  metropolitan  areas in 44 states,  the District of
Columbia and several markets in two western provinces in Canada.

BHS' typical security system installation  consists of sensors and other devices
which are installed at a subscriber's home or commercial location. The equipment
can be configured to signal intrusion,  fire, medical and other alerts.  When an
alarm is triggered,  a signal is sent,  typically by digital or analog telephone
line, to BHS' central monitoring station.  Signals can be originated at customer
premises  over  digital or analog  telephone  lines,  certain  digital or analog
wireless  services,   and  via  VOIP  (Voice  over  Internet  Protocol)  service
providers.

BHS'  central  monitoring  station  in  Irving,  Texas,  holds an  Underwriters'
Laboratories, Inc. ("UL") listing. UL specifications for service centers include
building  integrity,  back-up computer and power systems,  staffing and standard
operating procedures.  In the event of emergencies such as fire, tornado,  major
interruption in telephone or computer service,  or any other event affecting the
Irving facility,  monitoring operations can be transferred to a back-up facility
in Carrollton,  Texas. BHS is in the process of establishing a second monitoring
station in Knoxville,  Tennessee  with  computer  back-up  capability  that will
replace the standby facility in Carrollton.

BHS markets its alarm systems primarily through television,  direct mail, yellow
page and internet advertising,  alliances with other service companies,  inbound
telemarketing and field sales employees.  BHS employees install and service most
of the systems;  however,  dealers and  subcontractors  are occasionally used in
some areas. BHS does not manufacture the equipment used in its security systems.
Equipment is purchased from a limited number of suppliers and  distributors  and
no  interruptions  in supply are expected.  Minimal  equipment  inventories  are
maintained at each branch office and a third-party  distributor maintains safety
stock on certain key items  specifically  for BHS in  sufficient  quantities  to
cover minor supply chain disruptions.

BHS uses an  authorized  dealer  program to expand its  geographic  coverage and
leverage its national  advertising.  The dealer program accounted for 17% of new
installations  during 2005 and 8% of BHS' total  subscriber  base as of December
31, 2005.  Approximately  114 dealers  located in 38 states were  authorized  to
participate  in the program as of December 31, 2005. BHS requires its dealers to
install the same type of  equipment  installed by its own branches and to adhere
to the same quality standards.

In addition to initiating  subscriber  relationships  through  branch and dealer
networks,  BHS  obtains new  residential  subscribers  through its Brink's  Home
Technologies  ("BHT") division.  Working directly with major home builders,  BHT
markets  and  installs  residential  security  systems,  as well as a variety of
low-voltage security, home networking, communications and entertainment options.
BHS  currently  does  business  with  9 of the  top  10  and  16 of  the  top 20
residential  home  builders  in  the  U.S.,  obtaining  incremental   subscriber
installations  over those obtained through BHS' traditional mass media marketing
efforts.

The security system  installation  and activation  process in BHT is more costly
than in BHS'  traditional  installation  process.  The  BHT  activation  process
consists  of three  phases.  Once the  framing of the house is  complete,  a BHT
technician will wire the house for security,  and in certain  circumstances  for
specified non-security low-voltage systems. The equipment for which the house is
being prewired  generally is  contractually  agreed upon with the builder and/or
homebuyer  prior to any work being done.  As the house nears  completion,  a BHT
technician   visits  the  site  a  second  time  to  connect  the  security  and
non-security  equipment in the previously prewired  locations.  Upon the sale of
the  house,  the  homeowner  is  presented  with the  option of  signing  up for
monitoring  service.  If the  homeowner  signs up for  monitoring  service,  the
security  system is activated.  New systems  activated  for  monitored  security
service by BHT accounted for 9% of new BHS subscribers during 2005.


                                       6

<PAGE>


Although its core business has  historically  been focused on the  monitoring of
residential security systems, BHS also installs and monitors commercial security
systems.  In addition to intrusion  detection,  products and services  currently
offered  to these  customers  include  nonmonitored  closed  circuit  video  and
enhanced  event  reporting.   BHS  is  developing  additional   capabilities  in
commercial  security.  Commercial  customers  represented  approximately  4%  of
subscribers at year end.

BHS also provides  monitored  security to owners of "multifamily"  apartment and
condominium  complexes,  who then  offer  monitoring  security  service to their
tenants.  Multifamily  customers  currently  represent  slightly more than 2% of
subscribers.

BHS disconnect rates are typically higher in second and third calendar  quarters
of the year  because  of an  increase  in  residential  moves  during the summer
months.

Government Regulation
BHS' U.S.  operations  are  subject to  various  U.S.  federal,  state and local
consumer  protection,  licensing and other laws and regulations.  Most states in
which BHS operates have  licensing laws directed  specifically  toward the alarm
industry.  BHS' business  currently  relies  primarily  upon the use of wireline
telephone  service to  communicate  signals.  Wireline  telephone  companies are
currently  regulated by both the federal and state  governments.  BHS'  Canadian
operations are subject to the laws of Canada, British Columbia and Alberta.

Competition
BHS competes in most major metropolitan  markets in the U.S. and several markets
in western  Canada  through  BHS-owned  branch  operations or authorized  dealer
programs. The monitored security alarm market has a large number of competitors,
including  thousands  of local and  regional  companies.  BHS believes it is the
second  largest  provider of  monitored  security  services to  residential  and
commercial  properties  in  North  America.  BHS  believes  that  two of its key
competitive advantages are brand name recognition and service quality.

Competition  is based on a variety of  factors,  including  company  reputation,
service  quality,  product quality and price.  There is substantial  competitive
pressure  on  installation   fees.   Several   significant   competitors   offer
installation prices which match or are less than BHS' prices;  however,  some of
the small local  competitors  in BHS' markets  continue to charge  significantly
more for  installation.  Competitive  pressure on monitoring  rates,  while less
intense than on installation fees, is still  significant.  BHS believes that the
monitoring  rates it offers are  generally  comparable  to the rates  offered by
other major security companies.

BHS believes its customer retention rate is the highest among the major home and
commercial security service companies. BHS believes its favorable retention rate
is due  to its  focus  on new  customers  with  strong  credit  backgrounds  and
consistent  high-quality customer service. All alarm equipment used by BHS meets
the  requirements  for safety to be listed by  Underwriter's  Laboratories.  The
system  control  panel  and  keypads   installed  by  BHS  are  designed  to  be
user-friendly and to minimize false alarms.

Employees
BHS has  approximately  3,300 employees,  none of whom is currently covered by a
collective  bargaining  agreement.  BHS  is in  the  process  of  negotiating  a
collective bargaining agreement with a group of nine employees. BHS believes its
employee relations are satisfactory.


DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

BAX Global Inc.  ("BAX Global")

On January 31,  2006,  the Company  sold BAX Global for $1.1  billion in cash to
Deutsche Bahn AG. The Company  retained  ownership of BAX Global's Air Transport
International,  LLC ("ATI")  subsidiary  pending receipt of required  regulatory
approvals,  which are  expected  shortly.  In the interim  ATI will  continue to
provide  service to its customers,  including BAX Global.  ATI's  operations are
expected to have minimal impact on the Company's financial position.

General
BAX Global  provides heavy freight  transportation  and supply chain  management
services on a global basis.  BAX Global  specializes in the heavy freight market
for business to business shipping.

In North America, BAX Global's air transportation services use a dedicated fleet
of 21 planes with a national  sorting hub in Toledo,  Ohio.  BAX Global's  North
American  operation also has a ground network that provides  transportation on a
regional and national basis.

Outside  North  America,  BAX  Global  provides  transportation  services  using
available  space on  commercial  carriers  and,  on  occasion,  using  chartered
aircraft.  BAX  Global's  primary  markets  outside  North  America are shipping
Intra-Asia,  from Asia to North  America  and Europe,  Intra-Europe  and between
North America and Europe.


                                       7

<PAGE>


BAX  Global  continues  to  expand  its ocean  shipping  business  primarily  by
marketing  its ocean  products to its air freight  and supply  chain  management
customer base.

ATI  provides  transportation  services in North  America to BAX Global and also
provides worldwide charter transportation services to other customers.

BAX  Global  provides  certain   transportation   customers  with  supply  chain
management  services and operates  approximately  127  logistics  warehouse  and
distribution  facilities  in  key  world  markets.  BAX  Global  specializes  in
developing  supply chain management  programs for companies  entering new global
markets or consolidating regional activity.

Heavy Freight Transportation Services
BAX Global offers its North American  (U.S.,  Canada and Mexico)  transportation
customers a variety of products  and pricing  options,  such as  guaranteed  and
standard  overnight  and  second-day  delivery,  as well as,  deferred  delivery
(delivery  generally within one to five business days). A variety of value-added
ancillary services, such as shipment tracking,  inventory control and management
reporting are also offered.

BAX Global also offers a time-definite  delivery service to freight  forwarders,
freight brokers and  international  airlines.  BAX Global primarily markets this
product to small to mid-sized  forwarders  and provides a higher  service  level
compared to common carriage.

Outside  North  America,  BAX  Global  offers a variety  of  services  including
standard and expedited  freight  services,  ocean  forwarding  and  door-to-door
delivery.

BAX Global also frequently acts as a customs broker for customers,  facilitating
the clearance of goods through  customs at  international  points of entry.  BAX
Global has the ability to link its international network with its North American
transportation  infrastructure  and customs  brokerage  capabilities  to provide
seamless  door-to-door  delivery and  distribution  between  global  markets and
virtually any city in North America.

BAX Global sells its  services  primarily  through its direct  sales force.  BAX
Global uses various  marketing  methods,  including print media  advertising and
direct marketing campaigns.

BAX  Global  picks  up  or  receives  freight   shipments  from  its  customers,
consolidates  the  freight  of  various  customers  into  shipments  for  common
destinations and arranges for the  transportation  of the consolidated  freight.
BAX Global uses either commercial  carriers or, in the case of most of its North
American shipments,  its own transportation fleet,  including its truck network,
and  regional and national hub sorting  facilities.  While  shipments  move long
distances on either common carrier or BAX Global's  fleet,  the local pickup and
delivery of freight are  accomplished  principally  by  independent  contractors
using trucks  dedicated  to the BAX Global  network.  BAX  Global's  independent
contractors are required to display BAX Global's logo and colors.

BAX Global has the  ability to  provide  freight  service to all North  American
business  communities,  as well as, to virtually  all countries  throughout  its
network of  approximately  570  company-operated  and agent  operated  stations,
logistic  warehouses and  distribution  centers in 134  countries.  BAX Global's
network is  composed  primarily  of  controlled  subsidiaries  and,  to a lesser
extent,  agents  and  sales  representatives  in  certain  non-U.S.   locations,
typically under short-term contracts. Between available space on common carriers
throughout the world and its North American network, BAX Global believes that it
has sufficient capacity to meet the needs of its customers.

BAX Global's freight business is tied to the cycles of international trade, with
higher volumes of shipments  from August through  December than during the other
months of the year. The lowest volume of shipments  generally  occurs in January
and February.

Including  U.S.  export and import  revenue,  BAX Global's  international  heavy
freight shipments and logistics  services accounted for approximately 79% of BAX
Global revenues in 2005. Intra-U.S. shipments accounted for approximately 21% of
BAX Global revenues in 2005.

BAX Global's network has a worldwide communications and information system which
provides  global  tracking  and  tracing of  shipments  and  logistics  data for
management  information  reports,  enabling  customers to improve efficiency and
control costs. BAX Global offers customers information management via website at
www.baxglobal.com.

North American  Aircraft  Operations
ATI is a U.S.-based  freight and passenger  airline that operates a certificated
fleet of DC-8  aircraft.  In addition to the  services  provided to BAX Global's
North  American   transportation   network,   ATI  also  provides  domestic  and
international  service for the U.S.  Government  Air Mobility  Command and other
charter  customers.  BAX Global also operates  Boeing 727s under  contracts with
third  parties  that  provide the  aircraft,  crew,  maintenance  and  insurance
("ACMI").

                                       8

<PAGE>


The following is a summary of BAX Global's fleet as of December 31, 2005.



                                    BAX Global's
                                   Transportation   Charter
                         Aircraft      Network     Customers    Grounded   Total
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cargo:
   Leased                 DC-8           10             2          -        12
   ACMI                   727            11             -          -        11
   Owned                  DC-8            -             1          -         1
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cargo                                    21             3          -        24

Combi-Configured (a):
   Leased                 DC-8            -             1          -         1
   Owned                  DC-8            -             4          1         5
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Combi-configured                          -             5          1         6

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total                                 21             8          1        30
================================================================================
(a) Aircraft  configured to  accommodate  both  passengers  and cargo for use in
    charter business.


Of the 21 planes in BAX  Global's  transportation  network,  18 are  assigned to
regularly scheduled routes.  Generally,  3 planes are held for use as backups or
are in maintenance.  Grounded planes are held for sale or to provide spare parts
for use in other Company planes.

For aircraft  held under  long-term  lease,  BAX Global is  responsible  for the
normal costs of operating  and  maintaining  the aircraft.  In addition,  ATI is
responsible  for all or a portion of any special  maintenance  or  modifications
which may be required by Federal Aviation  Administration ("FAA") regulations or
orders (see "Government  Regulation" below). The ultimate liability for mandated
special  maintenance  or  modifications  is generally  subject to dollar limits,
specific  exclusions and sharing  arrangements  with the lessors.  Over the last
three years,  ATI spent a total of  approximately  $73 million on routine  heavy
maintenance of its owned and leased aircraft fleet.

BAX Global is responsible for fuel costs and most other incidental costs such as
landing fees for aircraft operated for it by third parties.

See note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in the Company's 2005 Annual
Report for information  regarding  future minimum lease payments  related to the
Company's  aircraft.  ATI's 13 aircraft  leases have  various  expiration  dates
extending  through  2006,  and BAX Global's 11 ACMI  contracts  are on a monthly
basis.  Based on the current state of the aircraft  leasing  market,  BAX Global
believes  it  should  be able to  renew  these  agreements  or  enter  into  new
agreements on terms reasonably comparable to those currently in effect.

The average  airframe age of the fleet operated by ATI is in excess of 35 years;
however,  the  condition of a particular  aircraft and its fair market value are
dependent on its  maintenance  history.  Factors  other than age, such as cycles
(essentially  the  number  of  flights),  can have a  significant  impact on the
ability to service an aircraft.  Generally,  cargo  aircraft  tend to have fewer
cycles than passenger  aircraft over  comparable  time periods  because they are
used for fewer flights per day and longer flight segments.

Fuel costs are a significant  element of the total costs of operating  aircraft.
Fuel prices are subject to worldwide  and local market  conditions.  In order to
protect against price increases in jet fuel, from time to time BAX Global enters
into hedging  agreements,  including swap  contracts,  options and collars.  BAX
Global charges customers a fuel surcharge in the U.S. when fuel costs are higher
than the normal historical range.

Supply Chain Management Services
BAX  Global's  supply  chain  management  business   specializes  in  developing
solutions  that  include  the  design,  implementation  of systems to manage and
distribute inventory and provide information to improve a customer's  efficiency
and productivity.

BAX Global operates value-added logistics warehouse and distribution  facilities
in key world markets. Companies in the healthcare, retail, automotive, aerospace
and high technology industries have been targeted as businesses with significant
supply chain management needs.

Worldwide revenues from the supply chain management  business  represented 9% of
BAX Global revenues in 2005.


                                       9

<PAGE>


Former Natural Resource Business

The Company sold or shut down its coal  operations  in 2002 and sold its natural
gas,  timber and gold  operations  in 2003 and 2004.  The Company  has  retained
certain coal-related liabilities and related expenses.  Retained liabilities are
significant and include obligations related to Company-sponsored  postretirement
medical  plans,  black lung  benefits,  reclamation  and other costs  related to
closed mines, Health Benefit Act obligations,  workers'  compensation claims and
costs of withdrawal from  multi-employer  pension plans.  The Company expects to
have  significant  ongoing  expenses and cash  outflow for retained  liabilities
relating  to  its  former  coal  operations.  See  notes  4,  5,  and  22 to the
consolidated  financial  statements,  which  notes are  herein  incorporated  by
reference.  The  Company has  established  a  Voluntary  Employees'  Beneficiary
Association ("VEBA") to finance its postretirement medical plan obligations.

At December 31, 2005, the Company had  approximately 22 employees related to its
former natural  resource  operations.  These  employees  perform  various duties
including  reclaiming,  maintaining  and selling  residual  assets and  managing
retained liabilities related to the former coal operations.

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The  Company is exposed to risk as it  operates  its  businesses.  Some of these
risks are common to all companies  doing business in the industries in which the
Company  operates  and some are unique to the Company.  In  addition,  there are
risks  associated with investing in the common stock of the Company.  These risk
factors  should be  considered  carefully  when  evaluating  the Company and its
businesses.

The Company has significant pension and retiree medical obligations. The Company
has  substantial  pension and retiree medical  obligations,  many of which arose
during its long  history of  operating  in the coal  industry.  The  Company has
contributed  cash to  segregated  trusts  that pay  benefits  to  satisfy  these
obligations. The Company expects it may have to make additional contributions to
fund the obligations.  The amount of these obligations is significantly impacted
by factors that are not in the Company's control,  including interest rates used
to determine the present value of future payment  streams,  expected  investment
returns,  medical inflation rates,  participation  rates and changes in laws and
regulations. In addition, the Company could be required to make benefit payments
for unassigned  beneficiaries under the Coal Industry Retiree Health Benefit Act
of 1992.  Changes in any of these factors could have a significant effect on the
amount of the Company's  obligations and could  materially and adversely  affect
the Company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The Company has significant operations outside the United States. The Company's
continuing operations currently operate in approximately 50 countries. Revenue
outside the U.S. was approximately 58% of total revenue in 2005. The Company
expects revenue outside the U.S. to continue to represent a significant portion
of total revenue. Business operations outside the U.S. are subject to political,
economic and other risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, such as:

        o  the difficulty of  enforcing  agreements, collecting  receivables and
           protecting assets through foreign legal systems;
        o  trade  protection    measures   and   import   or   export  licensing
           requirements;
        o  difficulty  in  staffing and managing  widespread  operations and the
           application of foreign labor regulations;
        o  required compliance with a  variety of foreign laws and  regulations;
        o  changes  in  the  general political  and economic  conditions  in the
           countries  where  we   operate,  particularly  in  emerging  markets;
        o  threat of nationalization and expropriation;
        o  increased costs and  risks of doing business  in a number  of foreign
           jurisdictions;
        o  limitations on repatriation of earnings; and
        o  fluctuations  in  equity  and  revenues  due  to  changes  in foreign
           currency exchange rates.

The Company tries to  effectively  manage these risks by monitoring  current and
anticipating future political and economic developments and adjusting operations
as  appropriate.  Changes  in the  political  or  economic  environments  in the
countries in which the Company  operates could have a material adverse effect on
the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.

The Company operates in highly competitive  industries.  The Company competes in
industries that are subject to significant  competition  and pricing  pressures.
Brink's faces  significant  pricing  pressures from competitors in most markets.
BHS experiences  competitive  pricing  pressures on installation  and monitoring
rates. Because the Company believes it has competitive  advantages such as brand
name  recognition and a reputation for a high level of service and security,  it
resists  competing on price alone.  However,  continued  pricing  pressure could
impact the  Company's  customer  base or pricing  structure  and have an adverse
effect on the Company's results of operations.


                                       10


<PAGE>



Brink's earnings and cash flow could be materially  affected by increased safety
and  security  losses.  Brink's  purchases  insurance  coverage  for  safety and
security  losses in  excess  of what it  considers  prudent  deductibles  and/or
retentions. Brink's is self-insured for losses under these limits and recognizes
expense up to these limits for actual losses.  Brink's insurance  policies cover
safety and security losses from most causes,  with the exception of war, nuclear
risk and various other exclusions typical for such policies. The availability of
high-quality  and  reliable  insurance  coverage is an  important  factor in the
ability of Brink's to obtain and retain customers and to manage the risks of its
business.  If the  Company's  safety and  security  losses  increase,  or if the
Company is unable to obtain adequate insurance coverage at reasonable rates, the
Company's  financial condition and results of operations could be materially and
adversely affected.

Brink's  may  not  be  able  to  realize   projected  cost  savings  related  to
restructurings.  During 2005, Brink's restructured several operations in Europe.
As a result the  Company  expects  significant  cost  savings in 2006 and future
years. There is no assurance these projected cost savings will be realized.

BHS may not be able to sustain the expansion of its subscriber  base at recently
achieved  growth  rates.  BHS has a  history  of  significantly  increasing  its
subscriber base each year as a result of strong growth in new  installations and
a  relatively  low  number  of  subscriber  disconnects.  The  majority  of  BHS
subscribers  are  residents  of single  family  households  and BHS  intends  to
continue  to grow  its  subscriber  base  through  a number  of sales  channels,
including  relationships with new home builders.  As a result, BHS' business has
benefited  from strong growth in the housing market over the past several years.
A downturn in the housing  market (new  construction  and/or  resale of existing
houses)  could have an impact on BHS' ability to continue  strong  growth in the
subscriber base. In addition,  BHS's disconnect rate has been favorably affected
in the past  several  years by the  cumulative  effect  of  improved  subscriber
selection  and  retention   processes  and  high-quality   customer  service.  A
substantial number of disconnects cannot be prevented,  including,  for example,
disconnects  that occur  because of  customer  moves.  If the  Company  fails to
continue to provide  high-quality  service and take the other  actions that have
improved the disconnect  rates in the past, the disconnect  rate could increase,
and  the  subscriber  base  growth  rate  could  suffer.  Slower  growth  in the
subscriber base from materially lower  installations  and/or  materially  higher
disconnects could adversely affect BHS' results of operations.

BHS intends to grow new lines of business and operating margins may suffer.  BHS
intends to expand its presence in commercial alarm  installation and monitoring.
As a result,  the cost of  investment  in new  subscribers  may continue to grow
faster than  installations  and related  revenue as BHS develops  the  resources
needed to achieve its  objectives.  If BHS is unable to increase the  subscriber
base while incurring the additional investment costs, BHS' results of operations
would be adversely affected.

BHS earnings and cash flow could be materially affected by a sudden shift in its
customers' selection of telecommunications services. BHS' operating model relies
on its  customers'  selection and continued  payment for high quality,  reliable
telecommunications   services.   In  recent   years,   new  options  for  retail
telecommunications services (such as Voice over Internet Protocol, or VoIP) have
arisen,  some of which  are lower in cost but also  less  reliable  and of lower
quality  than  traditional  telecommunications.  If there were a sudden shift to
such services by a significant  portion of BHS' subscriber base, BHS' results of
operations and cash flows would be adversely affected.

BHS earnings and cash flow could be  materially  affected by penalties  assessed
for false alarms.  BHS believes its false alarm rate compares  favorably to many
other companies'  rates. Some local governments  impose  assessments,  fines and
penalties on either  subscribers or the alarm companies for false alarms.  A few
municipalities  have  adopted  ordinances  under  which  both  permit  and alarm
dispatch fees are charged  directly to the alarm  companies.  BHS' alarm service
contracts  generally  allow BHS to pass these charges on to  customers.  If more
local governments impose assessments, fines or penalties, and BHS is not able to
pass the increase in costs to its customers,  the growth of BHS' subscriber base
would be adversely affected.

BHS'  earnings  and cash flow could be  materially  affected  by the  refusal of
police   departments  to  respond  to  calls  from  monitored  security  service
companies.  Police  departments  in a  limited  number  of U.S.  cities  are not
required  to  automatically  respond to calls from  monitored  security  service
companies  unless an  emergency  has been  visually  verified.  BHS has  offered
affected   customers  the  option  of  receiving  response  from  private  guard
companies,  which in most cases have  contracted  with BHS.  This  increases the
overall cost to customers.  If more police  departments  refuse to automatically
respond  to calls from  monitored  security  service  companies  without  visual
verification,  BHS' ability to retain  subscribers could be negatively  impacted
and  results of  operations  and cash flow  could be  materially  and  adversely
affected.


                                       11

<PAGE>


BHS could face liability for failure to respond adequately to alarm activations.
The nature of the  services  BHS  provides  potentially  exposes BHS to risks of
liability  for employee acts or omissions or system  failures.  In an attempt to
reduce this risk, BHS' alarm monitoring  agreements contain provisions  limiting
its liability. However, in the event of litigation with respect to such matters,
there can be no  assurance  that these  limitations  will be enforced and losses
from  such  litigation  could be  material  to the  financial  condition  of the
Company.

BHS relies on third party providers for the components of its security  systems.
The components for the security  systems that BHS installs are  manufactured  by
third parties.  BHS is therefore  susceptible to  interruptions in supply and to
the receipt of components  that do not meet BHS' high  standards.  BHS mitigates
these risks  through  the  selection  of vendors  with  strong  reputations  for
producing  quality  products.  However,  any  interruption in supply could cause
delays in  installations  and  repairs  and the loss of  current  and  potential
customers. Also, if a previously installed component were found to be defective,
BHS might not be able to  recover  any or all of the costs  associated  with its
repair or replacement  and the diversion of BHS' technical force to address such
an issue could affect subscriber and revenue growth.  Interruptions in supply or
the  failure of alarm  system  components  could  have a material  impact on the
Company's financial condition.

The Company's business operates in regulated industries.  The U.S. operations of
Brink's are subject to regulation by the U.S.  Department of Transportation with
respect to safety of operations  and  equipment  and  financial  responsibility.
Intrastate  operations in the U.S. are subject to regulation by state regulatory
authorities and intraprovince  operations in Canada are subject to regulation by
Canadian and provincial regulatory authorities. Brink's International operations
are regulated to varying degrees by the countries in which they operate.

BHS and its  employees  are  subject to various  U.S.  federal,  state and local
consumer  protection,  licensing and other laws and regulations.  Most states in
which  BHS  operates  have  licensing  laws  directed  specifically  toward  the
monitored security services industry. BHS' business relies heavily upon wireline
telephone  service to  communicate  signals.  Wireline  telephone  companies are
currently regulated by both the federal and state governments. BHS' wholly owned
Canadian  subsidiary  is  subject to the laws of Canada,  British  Columbia  and
Alberta.

Changes in laws or  regulations  could  require the Company to change the way it
operates,  which  could  increase  costs or  otherwise  disrupt  operations.  In
addition, failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations could result
in  substantial  fines or  revocation  of the  Company's  operating  permits and
licenses.  If laws and  regulations  were to  change  or the  Company  failed to
comply, the Company's  business,  financial  condition and results of operations
could be materially and adversely affected.

The Company could be materially  affected by an unfavorable  outcome  related to
non-payment  of value-added  taxes and custom  duties.  During 2004, the Company
determined that one of its non-U.S.  Brink's business units had not paid foreign
customs duties and value-added  taxes with respect to the importation of various
goods and  services.  The Company has been advised that there could be civil and
criminal  penalties  asserted for the  non-payment  of these customs  duties and
value-added taxes. To date no penalties have been asserted. The Company believes
that the range of reasonably possible losses related to customs duties penalties
is between $0 and approximately  $35 million.  These penalties could be asserted
at any time. The business unit has commenced  discussions  regarding this matter
with the appropriate  government  authorities,  provided an accounting of unpaid
customs duties and taxes and made payments  covering its calculated unpaid value
added  taxes.  An adverse  outcome in this matter  could  materially  affect the
Company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The Company has  retained  obligations  from the sale of BAX Global.  In January
2006 the Company sold BAX Global.  The Company retained  obligations  related to
these operations, primarily for taxes owed prior to the date of sale and for any
amounts paid related to one pending  litigation matter for which losses could be
between $0 and $9 million at the date of sale. In addition, the Company provided
indemnification  customary for these sorts of transactions.  Future  unfavorable
developments  related  to these  matters  could  require  the  Company to record
additional expenses or make cash payments in excess of recorded liabilities. The
occurrence of these events could have a material adverse affect on the Company's
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The  Company is subject to  covenants  for credit  facilities.  The  Company has
credit  facilities with financial  covenants,  including a limit on the ratio of
debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, minimum
levels of net worth,  and limits on the ability to pledge  assets and limits the
use of proceeds of asset  sales.  Although  the Company  believes  none of these
covenants  are  presently  restrictive  to  operations,  the ability to meet the
financial  covenants  can be  affected  by changes in the  Company's  results of
operations or financial condition.  The Company cannot provide assurance that it
will meet these covenants.  A breach of any of these covenants could result in a
default under  existing  credit  facilities.  Upon the occurrence of an event of
default  under any of our credit  facilities,  the lenders  could cause  amounts
outstanding  to be immediately  payable and terminate all  commitments to extend
further credit.  The occurrence of these events would have a significant  impact
on the Company's liquidity and cash flows.


                                       12

<PAGE>


The Company's  effective income tax rates could change.  The Company operates in
approximately  50  countries,  all of which have  different  income tax laws and
associated  income tax rates.  The  Company's  effective  income tax rate can be
significantly  affected by changes in the mix of pretax earnings in each country
in which it operates  and the related  income tax rates in those  countries.  In
addition,  the Company's effective income tax rate is significantly  affected by
its  estimate of its ability to realize  deferred  tax assets,  including  those
associated  with net  operating  losses.  Changes  in income  tax  laws,  income
apportionment, or estimates of the ability to realize deferred tax assets, could
significantly affect the Company's effective income tax rate, financial position
and results of operations.

The Company depends heavily on the  availability of fuel and the ability to pass
higher fuel cost to  customers.  Fuel prices have  fluctuated  significantly  in
recent years. In some periods, the Company's operating profit has been adversely
affected because it is not able to fully offset the impact of higher fuel prices
through  increased prices or fuel  surcharges.  Besides passing fuel costs on to
customers,  the Company does not have any long-term fuel purchase contracts, and
has not entered into any other hedging  arrangements  that protect  against fuel
price increases. Volatile fuel prices and potential increases in fuel taxes will
continue to affect the  Company.  A  significant  increase in fuel costs and the
inability  to pass  increases  on to  customers  or a  shortage  of  fuel  could
adversely affect the Company's results of operations.



ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFFING COMMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Not applicable


                                       13

<PAGE>


ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Brink's

Brink's has property and  equipment in locations  throughout  the world.  Branch
facilities  generally  have  office  space  to  support  operations,  a vault to
securely store  valuables and a garage to house armored  vehicles and serve as a
vehicle  terminal.  Many times,  branches  have  additional  space to repair and
maintain vehicles.

Brink's owns or leases  armored  vehicles,  panel trucks and other vehicles that
are primarily service vehicles. Brink's armored vehicles are of bullet-resistant
construction and are specially designed and equipped to provide security for the
crew and cargo.

The  following  table  discloses  leased and owned  facilities  and vehicles for
Brink's most significant operations as of December 31, 2005.

                       Facilities                          Vehicles
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Country        Leased     Owned   Total           Leased    Owned          Total
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

U.S              159       21       180           1,799       473         2,272
Canada            43       10        53             349       111           460
EMEA (a)         257       21       278           1,612     1,478         3,090
South America    193       51       244             103     2,396         2,499
Asia Pacific      31        -        31               1       136           137
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total            683      103       786           3,864     4,594         8,458
================================================================================
(a) Europe, Middle East, and Africa



The Company has approximately 5,128 Brink's-owned  CompuSafe(R)  devices located
on customers' premises, of which 5,072 are in North America.


BHS

BHS has  approximately  64  leased  offices  and  warehouse  facilities  located
throughout the U.S. and one leased office in Canada.  In 2005, BHS purchased its
central monitoring  station in Irving,  Texas. The facility was formerly leased.
This facility also serves as BHS'  headquarters and houses most  administrative,
technical and marketing services personnel.  Additional administrative personnel
are located in a portion of an adjacent  building in office space that is leased
for a term ending in 2009. A second monitoring  center in Knoxville,  Tennessee,
is under  construction  and should be  operational in the first quarter of 2006.
The Irving and  Knoxville  facilities  will be  operated  and staffed to provide
back-up  capability  for each other for critical  alarm  monitoring  and related
functions.  The lease for the current back-up  monitoring  center in Carrollton,
Texas, ends in late 2006. BHS intends to shut down the Carrollton  facility once
the Knoxville monitoring facility is operational.

BHS  leases  approximately  1,800  vehicles  which  are used in the  process  of
installing and servicing its security systems.

BHS retains ownership of most of the  approximately  1,019,000 systems currently
being monitored.  When a customer  cancels  monitoring  services,  BHS typically
disables the system.  In a limited  number of cases,  BHS removes the equipment.
When a customer cancels  monitoring  services because of an impending  household
move or  business  relocation,  the  retention  of the BHS  system  at the  site
facilitates the marketing of monitoring services to the subsequent  homeowner or
business.

                                       14

<PAGE>



Discontinued Operations

BAX Global has approximately 266 company-operated  stations (88 domestic and 178
international)  and has agency  agreements with  approximately 132 international
stations. BAX Global's stations are usually located at or near airports or other
transportation corridors. BAX Global operates domestic stations, which generally
include  office  space and  warehousing  facilities,  located in 44 states,  the
District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. Nearly all  company-operated  stations are
leased.

BAX Global operates its main North American freight-sorting operation at its hub
in Toledo, Ohio. This hub is operated under a lease with the Toledo-Lucas County
Port Authority  which expires in 2013. The lease provides BAX Global with rights
of renewal for three five-year  periods.  Other  facilities in the U.S. are held
under leases having terms of one to ten years.

BAX  Global  provides  certain   transportation   customers  with  supply  chain
management  services and operates  approximately 127 leased logistics  warehouse
and distribution facilities in key world markets.

BAX  Global has a 116,000  square  foot  corporate  office  facility  located in
Irvine, California under lease through 2012.

See "Aircraft  Operations" above for information  about  contracted,  leased and
owned aircraft.


Forward-Looking  Information Certain of the matters discussed herein,  including
statements  regarding  foreign  exchange rates and other risks  associated  with
foreign  operations,  BHS' continued  expansion into the commercial  market, the
uninterrupted  supply of equipment to BHS, the ability of BHS' Irving and second
stations  to back  each  other  up,  the  negotiation  of  union  contracts  and
significant ongoing expenses and cash outflows for retained  liabilities related
to  former  coal  operations  in the  future  (including  costs  related  to the
administration of retained  liabilities),  involve  forward-looking  information
which is subject to known and unknown risks,  uncertainties,  and  contingencies
which  could  cause  actual  results,  performance  or  achievements,  to differ
materially from those which are anticipated.

Such  risks,  uncertainties  and  contingencies,  many of which are  beyond  the
control  of the  Company,  include,  but are not  limited  to,  fluctuations  in
interest and exchange  rates,  economic,  business and social  conditions in the
U.S.  and  abroad,  effectiveness  of  hedging  activities  and the  ability  of
counterparties  to perform,  the performance of BHS' equipment  suppliers,  BHS'
ability to  cost-effectively  develop  or  incorporate  new  systems in a timely
manner,  decisions  regarding  continued  support of the  developing  commercial
business,  concessions requested by Brink's, BHS or the applicable union, actual
retirement  experience  of the former  coal  operation's  employees,  black lung
claims incidence,  the number of dependents  covered under benefit  obligations,
coal industry  turnover  rates,  actual  medical and legal costs relating to the
benefits,  changes in inflation  rates  (including  the continued  volatility of
medical  inflation),  the demand for the Company's  products and  services,  the
ability  of the  Company  and its  operations  to obtain  appropriate  insurance
coverage at reasonable prices,  pricing and other competitive  industry factors,
fuel prices, new government regulations and legislative initiatives, issuance of
permits, judicial decisions, and variations in costs or expenses.


                                       15

<PAGE>






ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Not applicable.



ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Not applicable.




                                       16

<PAGE>


Executive Officers of the Registrant

The  following  is a list as of  March 1,  2006,  of the  names  and ages of the
executive  and other  officers of The Brink's  Company and the names and ages of
certain  officers of its  subsidiaries,  indicating the principal  positions and
offices  held by  each.  There  is no  family  relationship  between  any of the
officers named.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Name                      Age   Positions and Offices Held                                    Held Since
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S> <C>
Executive Officers:
Michael T. Dan            55    President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board     1998
James B. Hartough         58    Vice President-Corporate Finance and Treasurer                   1988
Frank T. Lennon           64    Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer                  2005
Austin F. Reed            54    Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary                    1994
Robert T. Ritter          54    Vice President and Chief Financial Officer                       1998

Other Officers:
Matthew A. P. Schumacher  47    Controller                                                       2001
Arthur E. Wheatley        63    Vice President -Risk Management and Insurance                    1988

Subsidiary Officers:
Robert B. Allen           52    President of Brink's Home Security, Inc.                         2001
</TABLE>

Executive  and other  officers of The Brink's  Company are elected  annually and
serve at the pleasure of its Board of Directors.

Mr. Dan was elected  President,  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Director of The
Brink's Company in February 1998 and was elected Chairman of the Board effective
January  1,  1999.  He also  serves  as  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  Brink's,
Incorporated, a position he has held since July 1993, and as President and Chief
Executive  Officer  of Brink's  Holding  Company,  a position  he has held since
December 31, 1995. From August 1992 to July 1993 he served as President of North
American operations of Brink's,  Incorporated and as Executive Vice President of
Brink's, Incorporated from 1985 to 1992.

Mr. Lennon was appointed  Vice  President  and Chief  Administrative  Officer in
2005.  Prior to this position,  he was the Vice  President,  Human Resources and
Administration from 1990 through 2005.

Messrs.  Hartough,  Ritter,  Reed and  Wheatley  have  served  in their  present
positions for more than the past five years.

Mr.  Schumacher  joined the Company as Controller in July 2001. Prior to joining
the Company, he was employed by NL Industries,  Inc. as the Assistant Controller
from 1997 through July 2001.

Mr. Allen joined  Brink's Home  Security,  Inc. in August 1999 as Executive Vice
President and Chief Operating  Officer.  He was promoted to President of Brink's
Home  Security,  Inc. in March 2001.  From January 1997 to August 1999,  he held
various positions at Aegis  Communications  Group (formerly ATC  Communications)
including  Executive Vice  President of Sales and Marketing and Chief  Operating
Officer.  From 1980 through  1996,  he held various  domestic and  international
positions at Frito-Lay  including Vice President of Field  Marketing and Country
Manager in Greece and Turkey.


                                       17

<PAGE>


================================================================================
PART II
================================================================================


ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The  Company's  common  stock  trades on the New York Stock  Exchange  under the
symbol "BCO."

The following table provides  information  about common stock repurchases by the
Company during the quarter ended December 31, 2005.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                    (d) Maximum Number
                                                               (c) Total Number       (or Approximate
                                                               of Shares Purchased     Dollar Value) of
                        (a) Total Number                       as Part of Publicly   Shares that May Yet
                            of Shares       (b) Average Price    Announced Plans      be Purchased Under
    Period                Purchased (1)        Paid per Share      or Programs      the Plans or Programs (2)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S> <C>
November 1 through
   November 30, 2005          9,457         $      45.68                -                   1,000,000
=============================================================================================================
</TABLE>

(1)  Stock-for-stock exchanges for payments of exercise cost upon  exercises  of
     stock options.
(2)  On May 4, 2001 the Company's Board of Directors approved a share repurchase
     program to purchase up to 1 million  shares of common stock and any or  all
     of  the outstanding  shares of Series C preferred  stock, with an aggregate
     purchase price  limitation of $30 million, of  which $19.1  million remains
     available for repurchases.


Reference  is made to page 130 of the  Company's  2005  Annual  Report  which is
herein incorporated by reference, for other information required by this item.


ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reference  is made to page 131 of the  Company's  2005  Annual  Report  which is
herein incorporated by reference, for information required by this item.


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION  AND  ANALYSIS  OF  RESULTS  OF  OPERATIONS AND
FINANCIAL CONDITION
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reference  is made to pages 18 through 73 of the  Company's  2005 Annual  Report
which is herein  incorporated  by reference,  for  information  required by this
item.


ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The information regarding quantitative and qualitative  disclosures about market
risk is included in this report under Item 7.


ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reference is made to pages 74 through 130 of the  Company's  2005 Annual  Report
which is herein  incorporated  by reference,  for  information  required by this
item.


ITEM 9. CHANGES  IN  AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH   ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Not applicable.


                                       18

<PAGE>


ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pursuant  to Rule  13a-15(b)  under the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  the
Company  carried out an  evaluation,  with the  participation  of the  Company's
management,  including the Company's Chief Executive  Officer and Vice President
and Chief Financial  Officer,  of the effectiveness of the Company's  disclosure
controls and procedures  (as defined under Rule  13a-15(e)  under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report.  Based
upon that evaluation,  the Company's Chief Executive  Officer and Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and
procedures are effective in ensuring that  information  required to be disclosed
by the  Company in the  reports  that it files or submits  under the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded,  processed,  summarized and reported,  within
the time  periods  specified  in the  SEC's  rules  and  forms,  and  that  such
information  is  accumulated  and  communicated  to  management,  including  the
Company's  Chief  Executive  Officer  and Vice  President  and  Chief  Financial
Officer,   as  appropriate,   to  allow  timely  decisions   regarding  required
disclosure.

There  has been no change  in the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial
reporting  during the quarter  ended  December  31,  2005,  that has  materially
affected,  or is reasonably likely to materially  affect, the Company's internal
control over financial reporting.

Reference is made to pages 74 through 75 of the  Company's  2005 Annual  Report,
which are herein  incorporated by reference,  for Management's  Annual Report on
Internal  Control over  Financial  Reporting and the  Attestation  Report of the
Registered Public Accounting Firm.



ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Company makes the following disclosure in lieu of furnishing it in a Current
Report on Form 8-K  under  Item  2.02.  "Results  of  Operations  and  Financial
Condition."

On March 8, 2006,  the Company  issued a press release  updating its  previously
disclosed   fourth  quarter  and  year  end  financial   results  to  reflect  a
reallocation of taxes between continuing and discontinued  operations. A copy of
this release is being  furnished as Exhibit  99(b) to this Annual Report on Form
10-K.


                                       19

<PAGE>






================================================================================
PART III
================================================================================


ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The information required by this Item regarding directors is herein incorporated
by reference to the Company's definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to
Regulation  14A  within  120 days  after  December  31,  2005.  The  information
regarding  executive officers is included in this report following Item 4, under
the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant."

The  Company has  adopted a Business  Code of Ethics that  applies to all of the
directors,  officers and employees (including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial  Officer  and  Controller)  and has posted  the Code on the  Company's
website.  The Company intends to satisfy the disclosure  requirement  under Item
5.05 of Form 8-K relating to  amendments to or waivers from any provision of the
Business  Code of  Ethics  applicable  to the  Chief  Executive  Officer,  Chief
Financial Officer or Controller by posting this information on the website.  The
internet address is www.brinkscompany.com.


ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The  information  required  by  Item  11 is  incorporated  by  reference  to the
Company's  definitive  proxy  statement to be filed  pursuant to Regulation  14A
within 120 days after December 31, 2005.


ITEM 12. SECURITY O WNERSHIP  OF CERTAIN  BENEFICIAL OWNERS  AND  MANAGEMENT AND
RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The  information  required  by  Item  12 is  incorporated  by  reference  to the
Company's  definitive  proxy  statement to be filed  pursuant to Regulation  14A
within 120 days after December 31, 2005.


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The  information  required  by  Item  13 is  incorporated  by  reference  to the
Company's  definitive  proxy  statement to be filed  pursuant to Regulation  14A
within 120 days after December 31, 2005.


ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The  information  required  by  Item  14 is  incorporated  by  reference  to the
Company's  definitive  proxy  statement to be filed  pursuant to Regulation  14A
within 120 days after December 31, 2005.


                                       20

<PAGE>

================================================================================
PART IV
================================================================================


ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(a)  1.  All  financial  statements - see  index  to  financial  statements  and
         schedules.

     2.  Financial statement schedules - see index to  financial statements  and
         schedules.

     3.  Exhibits - see exhibit index.


Undertaking
For the purposes of complying  with the  amendments to the rules  governing Form
S-8 (effective  July 13, 1990) under the Securities Act of 1933, the undersigned
Registrant hereby undertakes as follows, which undertaking shall be incorporated
by  reference  into  Registrant's  Registration  Statements  on  Form  S-8  Nos.
333-120254,   2-64258,  33-2039,  33-21393,   33-69040,   33-53565,   333-02219,
333-78631,  333-78633, 333-70758, 333-70772, 333-70766 and 333-70762. Insofar as
indemnification  for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be
permitted to  directors,  officers  and  controlling  persons of the  Registrant
pursuant to the foregoing  provisions,  or otherwise,  the  Registrant  has been
advised  that in the opinion of the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  such
indemnification  is against  public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of
1933  and  is,  therefore,   unenforceable.  In  the  event  that  a  claim  for
indemnification against liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of
expenses  incurred or paid by a director,  officer or controlling  person of the
Registrant  in the  successful  defense of any action,  suit or  proceeding)  is
asserted by such director,  officer or controlling person in connection with the
securities being  registered,  the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its
counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent,  submit to a court
of appropriate  jurisdiction the question whether such  indemnification by it is
against  public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final
adjudication of such issue.


                                       21

<PAGE>


Signatures

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  Registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 7, 2006.


                                                         The Brink's Company
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                            (Registrant)
                                               By   /s/ M.T. Dan
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                           (M.T. Dan,
                                                     Chairman, President and
                                                     Chief Executive Officer)


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following  persons on behalf of the  Registrant and
in the capacities indicated, on March 7, 2006.

    Signatures                                         Title
 -----------------                                  -----------

R. G. Ackerman*                                       Director
B. C. Alewine*                                        Director
J. R. Barker*                                         Director
M. C. Breslawsky*                                     Director
J. S. Brinzo*                                         Director
J. L. Broadhead*                                      Director



/s/  M. T. Dan                                  Chairman, President and
---------------------------------------         Chief Executive Officer
(M. T. Dan)                                  (principal executive officer)



R. M. Gross*                                          Director
M. D. Martin*                                         Director
L. J. Mosner*                                         Director



/s/  R. T. Ritter                                    Vice President
---------------------------------------          and Chief Financial Officer
(R. T. Ritter)                                  (principal financial officer
                                              and principal accounting officer)


C. S. Sloane*                                         Director
R. L. Turner*                                         Director

*By  /s/  M. T. Dan
     ------------------------------
     (M. T. Dan, Attorney-in-Fact)



                                       22

<PAGE>


Index to Financial Statements and Schedules

Financial Statements:

The  consolidated  financial  statements of The Brink's  Company,  listed in the
index below which are included in the Company's  2005 Annual Report for the year
ended  December  31,  2005,  are  herein  incorporated  by  reference.  With the
exception  of  the  pages  listed  in  the  index  below  and  the   information
incorporated by reference included in Parts I, II and IV, the 2005 Annual Report
of the Shareholders is not deemed filed as part of this report.

THE BRINK'S COMPANY ANNUAL REPORT


                                                         Page Numbers
                                                           in 2005
                                                            Annual
                                                            Report
                                                            ------


Management's Discussion and Analysis of
    Results of Operations and Financial Condition...........  18 - 73
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial
   Reporting................................................  74
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm....  75 - 76
Consolidated Balance Sheets.................................  77
Consolidated Statements of Operations.......................  78
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.............  79
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity.............  80
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.......................  81
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..................  82 - 130
Selected Financial Data..................................... 131


Financial Statement Schedules:


                                                         Page numbers
                                                         In Form 10-K
                                                         ------------

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm..... 24
Schedule II - Valuation and qualifying accounts............. 25


                                       23

<PAGE>





             Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm



The Board of Directors
The Brink's Company:


Under date of March 7, 2006, we reported on the  consolidated  balance sheets of
The Brink's Company and  subsidiaries  (the Company) as of December 31, 2005 and
2004,  and the related  consolidated  statements  of  operations,  comprehensive
income,  shareholders'  equity,  and cash  flows  for  each of the  years in the
three-year  period  ended  December  31,  2005,  as contained in the 2005 annual
report  on Form  10-K.  In  connection  with our  audits  of the  aforementioned
consolidated  financial  statements,  we  also  audited  the  related  financial
statement schedule as included herein.  This financial statement schedule is the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on this financial statement schedule based on our audits.

In our opinion,  such financial statement schedule,  when considered in relation
to the  basic  consolidated  financial  statements  taken as a  whole,  presents
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.





/s/ KPMG LLP

Richmond, Virginia
March 7, 2006



                                       24


<PAGE>


                               The Brink's Company
                 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
              For the Years Ending December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003
                                  (in millions)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



                                            Balance at      Charged to                       Charge to      Currency     Balance at
                                           Beginning of      Costs and                         Other       Translation     End of
                                              Period       Expenses (a)   Deductions (b)    Account (c)    Adjustment      Period
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S> <C>

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
-------------------------------
Year Ended December 31, 2003                 $ 35.5            (1.1)          (7.5)              -             0.7             27.6
Year Ended December 31, 2004                   27.6             4.0           (5.8)              -             0.9             26.7
Year Ended December 31, 2005                   26.7             6.8          (12.0)            (9.1)          (1.1)            11.3


Valuation Allowance for Deferred Tax Assets
-------------------------------------------
Year Ended December 31, 2003                 $  9.0            34.3           (0.6)              -             0.8             43.5
Year Ended December 31, 2004                   43.5            10.2           (0.6)             0.7            2.0             55.8
Year Ended December 31, 2005                   55.8            19.6           (0.5)           (29.6)          (3.2)            42.1
</TABLE>


(a) Includes  amounts  charged  to  income (loss) from  discontinued operations.
(b) Amounts written off, less recoveries.
(c) Includes amounts charged to other comprehensive income (loss), amounts
    reclassified to assets held for sale  and purchase accounting adjustments to
    goodwill.


                                       25


<PAGE>


Exhibit Index

Each exhibit  listed as a previously  filed document is hereby  incorporated  by
reference to such document.


Exhibit
Number            Description

2(i)              Shareholders' Agreement, dated as of January 10, 1997, between
                  Brink's  Security  International, Inc., and Valores  Tamanaco,
                  C.A. Exhibit 10(w) to the Registrant's Annual Report  on  Form
                  10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998 (the "1998 Form
                  10-K").

3(i)              Amended  and  Restated   Articles  of  Incorporation   of  the
                  Registrant.  Exhibit 3(i) to  the Registrant's  Current Report
                  on Form 8-K filed March 2, 2005.

3(ii)             Amended and Restated Bylaws of the  Registrant.  Exhibit 3(ii)
                  to  the   Registrant's   Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  filed
                  November 22, 2005.

4(a)              Amended and Restated Rights Agreement dated as of September 1,
                  2003 between the Registrant and Equiserve Trust Company, N.A.,
                  as Rights Agent,  together  with Form  of  Right  Certificate.
                  Exhibit 1 to  the  Registrant's Amendment No. 4 to  Form 8-A/A
                  filed October 9, 2003.

10(a)*            Key Employees Incentive Plan, as amended. Exhibit 10(a) to the
                  1998 Form 10-K.

10(b)*            Key Employees'  Deferred   Compensation  Program,  as  amended
                  and restated effective  January 1, 2005.  Exhibit 99.1  to the
                  Registrant's  Current  Report  on Form  8-K filed November 22,
                  2004.

10(c)*            (i)    Pension  Equalization  Plan  as amended  and  restated,
                         effective  as of  January  1, 2005.  Exhibit 10 to  the
                         Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed  November
                         22, 2005.

                  (ii)   Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated December 1,
                         1997, between the Registrant and Chase Manhattan  Bank,
                         as  Trustee (the  "Trust Agreement"). Exhibit 10(e)(ii)
                         to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the
                         year ended  December 31,  1997  (the "1997 Form 10-K").

                  (iii)  Amendment No. 1 to Trust Agreement, dated as of  August
                         18, 1999. Exhibit 10(c)(iii) to the Registrant's Annual
                         Report  on  Form  10-K for  the year ended December 31,
                         1999 (the "1999 Form 10-K").

                  (iv)   Amendment  No. 2 to  Trust Agreement,  dated as of July
                         26, 2001. Exhibit 10(c)(iv) to the Registrant's  Annual
                         Report on  Form  10-K for the  year ended  December 31,
                         2002 (the "2002 Form 10-K").

                  (v)    Amendment  No.  3  to  Trust  Agreement,  dated  as  of
                         September 18, 2002.  Exhibit 10(c)(v) to the  2002 Form
                         10-K.

                  (vi)   Amendment  No.  4  to  Trust  Agreement,  dated  as  of
                         September 22, 2003.  Exhibit 10.1 to  the  Registrant's
                         Quarterly  Report on  Form 10-Q for the  quarter  ended
                         September  30,  2003  (the  "Third  Quarter  2003  Form
                         10-Q").

                  (vii)  Amendment  No.  5  to  Trust Agreement,   dated  as  of
                         September  20, 2004.  Exhibit 10.1 to the  Registrant's
                         Quarterly Report  on Form  10-Q for  the quarter  ended
                         September 30, 2004.

                  (viii) Amendment  No. 6  to  Trust  Agreement,  dated  as   of
                         November  22,  2004. Exhibit 99.4  to the  Registrant's
                         Current  Report on  Form 8-K  filed November 22,  2004.

10(d)*            Executive  Salary  Continuation  Plan.  Exhibit  10(e) to  the
                  Registrant's  Annual  Report on  Form 10-K for the year  ended
                  December 31, 1991 (the "1991 Form 10-K").

10(e)*            Non-Employee   Directors'  Stock   Option  Plan,  as   amended
                  and  restated  as  of  July  8, 2005.   Exhibit   10.2 to  the
                  Registrant's Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q  for  the  quarter
                  ended  June 30,  2005 (the "Second  Quarter 2005  Form 10-Q").


                                       26

<PAGE>

10(f)*            1988 Stock Option Plan, as amended and restated  as of January
                  14, 2000.  Exhibit 10(f) to the 1999 Form 10-K.

10(g)*            Management  Performance  Improvement  Plan,  as   amended  and
                  restated.  Exhibit 99 to  the Registrant's  Current  Report on
                  Form 8-K filed March 2, 2005.

10(h)*            Form of  change  in  control  agreement  replacing  all  prior
                  change    in   control    agreements   and    amendments   and
                  modifications   thereto,   between   the   Registrant  (or   a
                  subsidiary) and various officers  of the  Registrant.  Exhibit
                  10(l)(ii) to the 1997 Form 10-K.

10(i)*            Form  of   Indemnification   Agreement  entered  into  by  the
                  Registrant with its  directors and officers.  Exhibit 10(l) to
                  the 1991 Form 10-K.

10(j)*            (i)    Retirement Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended.
                         Exhibit 10(g) to the  Registrant's  Quarterly Report on
                         Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1994 (the
                         "Third Quarter 1994 Form 10-Q").

                  (ii)   Form of letter agreement dated as of September 16, 1994
                         between the Registrant  and its Non-Employee  Directors
                         pursuant to Retirement Plan for Non-Employee Directors.
                         Exhibit  10(h)  to  the  Third Quarter  1994 Form 10-Q.

10(k)*            Form  of  severance  agreement  between the  Registrant  (or a
                  subsidiary)  and   various   of  the  Registrant's   officers.
                  Exhibit 10(o)(ii) to the 1997 Form 10-K.

10(l)*            Directors'  Stock  Accumulation  Plan, as amended and restated
                  effective  July  8, 2005.  Exhibit 10.1 to  the Second Quarter
                  2005 Form 10-Q.

10(m)*            Plan for Deferral of Directors' Fees, as amended and  restated
                  effective  January 1, 2005.  Exhibit  99.5 to the Registrant's
                  Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 22, 2004.

10(n)             (i)    Credit Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2002,  among
                         Brink's,  Incorporated and the Registrant, as Borrowers
                         and Guarantors, and ABN AMRO  Bank, N.V. Exhibit  10(q)
                         (i) to the 2002 Form 10-K.

                  (ii)   Guaranty between Brink's,  Incorporated,  as Guarantor,
                         and ABN AMRO  Bank, N.V. Exhibit 10(q)(iii) to the 2002
                         Form 10-K.

                  (iii)  Guaranty between the Registrant, as Guarantor, and  ABN
                         AMRO  Bank, N.V.  Exhibit 10(q)(iv)  to  the  2002 Form
                         10-K.

10(o)*            (i)    Employment  Agreement dated as  of May 4, 1998, between
                         the Registrant and Michael T. Dan. Exhibit 10(a) to the
                         Registrant's  Quarterly  Report  on  Form 10-Q for  the
                         quarter ended  September 30, 1998  (the "Third  Quarter
                         1998 Form 10-Q").

                  (ii)   Amendment No. 1 to  Employment  Agreement  between  the
                         Registrant  and  Michael  T.  Dan.  Exhibit 10  to  the
                         Registrant's  Quarterly  Report on  Form 10-Q  for  the
                         quarter ended June 30, 2002.

10(p)*            Executive  Agreement  dated as  of  May 4, 1998,  between  the
                  Registrant and  Michael  T. Dan.  Exhibit 10(b) to  the  Third
                  Quarter 1998 Form 10-Q.

10(q)*            Executive  Agreement  dated as of August 7, 1998,  between the
                  Registrant and Robert T. Ritter.  Exhibit 10(c) to  the  Third
                  Quarter 1998 Form 10-Q.

10(r)*            Severance  Agreement  dated as of August 7, 1998,  between the
                  Registrant and  Robert T. Ritter.  Exhibit 10(d) to the  Third
                  Quarter 1998 Form 10-Q.

10(s)             Trust Agreement  for  The  Brink's  Company  Employee  Welfare
                  Benefit Trust.  Exhibit 10(t) to the 1999 Form 10-K.


                                       27

<PAGE>


10(t)             (i)    Note Purchase  Agreement  dated as of January 18, 2001,
                         between the  Registrant  and the Purchasers  listed  on
                         Schedule   A   thereto.   Exhibit   10(u)(i)   to   the
                         Registrant's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the  year
                         ended  December   31,  2000  (the  "2000  Form  10-K").

                  (ii)   Form of Series A Promissory Note. Exhibit  10(u)(ii) to
                         the 2000 Form 10-K.

                  (iii)  Form of Series B Promissory Note. Exhibit 10(u)(iii) to
                         the 2000 Form 10-K.

10(u)             (i)    Note  Purchase  Agreement  dated  as of  April 11, 2002
                         between the Registrant and the  Purchasers set forth on
                         the   signature   page.   Exhibit   10(a)(i)   to   the
                         Registrant's   Quarterly  Report on  Form 10-Q for  the
                         quarter ended March 31,  2002 (the "First  Quarter 2002
                         Form 10-Q").

                  (ii)   Form of Promissory Note. Exhibit 10(a)(ii) to the First
                         Quarter 2002 Form 10-Q.

10(v)             (i)    $43,160,000  Bond Purchase  Agreement, dated  September
                         17, 2003,  among  the   Peninsula   Ports  Authority of
                         Virginia,   Dominion   Terminal   Associates,  Pittston
                         Coal Terminal  Corporation and the  Registrant. Exhibit
                         10.2(i) to the Third Quarter 2003 Form 10-Q.

                  (ii)   Loan Agreement between the Peninsula Ports Authority of
                         Virginia   and   Dominion  Terminal  Associates,  dated
                         September  1,  2003.  Exhibit  10.2(ii)  to  the  Third
                         Quarter 2003 Form 10-Q.

                  (iii)  Indenture  and  Trust    between  the  Peninsula  Ports
                         Authority  of  Virginia  and  Wachovia  Bank,  National
                         Association ("Wachovia"), as  trustee, dated  September
                         1, 2003. Exhibit 10.2(iii) to  the  Third Quarter  2003
                         Form 10-Q.

                  (iv)   Parent  Company  Guaranty Agreement, dated September 1,
                         2003,  made  by  the  Registrant  for  the  benefit  of
                         Wachovia. Exhibit 10.2(iv) to  the  Third  Quarter 2003
                         Form 10-Q.

                  (v)    Continuing   Disclosure   Undertaking    between    the
                         Registrant and  Wachovia,  dated  September  24,  2003.
                         Exhibit 10.2(v)  to the Third Quarter  2003  Form 10-Q.

                  (vi)   Coal Terminal Revenue Refunding Bond (Dominion Terminal
                         Associates   Project - Brink's   Issue)  Series   2003.
                         Exhibit 10.2(vi) to the  Third Quarter 2003  Form 10-Q.

10(w)             $150,000,000  Credit Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2004,
                  between the Registrant and ABN AMRO Bank N.V.  Exhibit 99.1 to
                  the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 18,
                  2004.

10(x)             $400,000,000  Credit  Agreement among The Brink's  Company, as
                  Parent Borrower, the Subsidiary Borrowers referred to therein,
                  certain  of  Parent  Borrower's Subsidiaries,  as  Guarantors,
                  Various  Lenders,  Barclays  Bank   plc, as  Co-Arranger   and
                  Documentation Agent,  Bank  of  America, N.A., as  Syndication
                  Agent,  Banc  of  America  Securities  LLC,  as   Co-Arranger,
                  Scotiabanc Inc. and Wachovia Bank,  National  Association,  as
                  Co-Arrangers and Syndication  Agents, JPMorgan Chase  Bank, as
                  Administrative Agent, and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., as Sole
                  Lead Arranger and Bookrunner, dated  as of  October 15,  2004.
                  Exhibit 99.1 to the  Registrant's Current  Report on  Form 8-K
                  filed October 18, 2004.

10(y)             Share  Transfer  Agreement,  dated  February  2, 2005, between
                  Group 4  Securitas  Holdings  Limited, as Seller,  and Brink's
                  Limited,  as  Buyer.   Exhibit  10(aa)  to  the   Registrant's
                  Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the year  ended  December 31,
                  2004 (the "2004 Form 10-K").

10(z)             Share  Transfer  Agreement, dated  February  2, 2005,  between
                  Group 4  Securicor  Holdings Limited,  Securicor International
                  BV and Brink's Luxembourg  S.A.  and  Brink's,   Incorporated.
                  Exhibit 10(bb) to the 2004 Form 10-K.


                                       28

<PAGE>


10(aa)*           The Brink's Company 2005 Equity  Incentive Plan.  Exhibit A to
                  the Proxy Statement for the  Registrant's  2005 Annual Meeting
                  of Shareholders.

10(bb)*           Form  of  Option  Agreement  for  options  granted  under 2005
                  Equity  Incentive   Plan.  Exhibit  99  to  the   Registrant's
                  Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 13, 2005.

10(cc)            Credit  Agreement,  dated  July 13, 2005,  among  The  Brink's
                  Company,  certain of its  subsidiaries and ABN  AMRO Bank N.V.
                  Exhibit  99  to  the  Registrant's Current Report on  Form 8-K
                  filed July 15, 2005.

10(dd)            Stock  Purchase  Agreement,  dated as of November 15, 2005, by
                  and among BAX Holding  Company,  BAX Global Inc.,  The Brink's
                  Company and Deutsche Bahn AG. Exhibit 2.1 to the  Registrant's
                  Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 16, 2005.

13                Parts of the 2005 Annual Report of the Registrant.

21                Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

23                Consent of independent auditors.

24                Powers of Attorney.

31                Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications.

32                Section 1350 Certifications.

99(a)*            Amendment to Pension-Retirement Plan relating  to preservation
                  of  assets of  the  Pension-Retirement Plan upon  a  change in
                  control. Exhibit 99 to the  Registrant's Annual Report on Form
                  10-K for the year ended December 31, 1992.

99(b)             Press  Release, dated  as   of  March 8, 2006, issued  by  the
                  Registrant.

--------------------------
*Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.




                                       29



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
