<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>l90392ae10-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   10-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE>   1
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                     For the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2001

                           Commission File No. 1-2299

                      APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

              OHIO                                           34-0117420
-----------------------------------                       -------------
(State or other jurisdiction of                          (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)                           Identification No.)

                    One Applied Plaza, Cleveland, Ohio 44115
                    ----------------------------------------
               (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (216) 426-4000.

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

    Title of each class                    Name of exchange on which registered
    -------------------                    ------------------------------------

  Common Stock, without par value           New York Stock Exchange
  Preferred Stock Purchase Rights

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X]  No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]



<PAGE>   2

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by
non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was sold as of the close of business on August 28, 2001:
$320,445,961.

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of
common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

                       Class                  Outstanding at August 28, 2001
                       -----                  ------------------------------

         Common Stock, without par value                   19,641,952


                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Listed hereunder are the documents, portions of which are incorporated by
reference, and the Parts of this Form 10-K into which such portions are
incorporated:

                  (1) Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. Annual Report to
                  shareholders for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2001, portions
                  of which are incorporated by reference into Parts I, II and IV
                  of this Form 10-K; and,

                  (2) Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. Proxy Statement
                  dated September 12, 2001, portions of which are incorporated
                  by reference into Parts III and IV of this Form 10-K.










                                       1
<PAGE>   3









                              CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
                              --------------------
                 UNDER PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT
                 ----------------------------------------------



         THIS REPORT, INCLUDING THE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE,
CONTAINS STATEMENTS THAT ARE FORWARD-LOOKING, BASED ON MANAGEMENT'S CURRENT
EXPECTATIONS ABOUT THE FUTURE. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE OFTEN IDENTIFIED
BY QUALIFIERS SUCH AS "EXPECT," "BELIEVE," "INTEND," "WILL," AND SIMILAR
EXPRESSIONS. APPLIED INTENDS THAT THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS BE SUBJECT TO
THE SAFE HARBORS ESTABLISHED IN THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF
1995 AND BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IN ITS RULES, REGULATIONS AND
RELEASES.

         READERS ARE CAUTIONED NOT TO PLACE UNDUE RELIANCE ON ANY
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. ALL FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE BASED ON CURRENT
EXPECTATIONS REGARDING IMPORTANT RISK FACTORS, MANY OF WHICH ARE OUTSIDE
APPLIED'S CONTROL. ACCORDINGLY, ACTUAL RESULTS MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE
EXPRESSED IN THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS, AND THE MAKING OF THOSE STATEMENTS
SHOULD NOT BE REGARDED AS A REPRESENTATION BY APPLIED OR ANY OTHER PERSON THAT
THE RESULTS EXPRESSED IN THE STATEMENTS WILL BE ACHIEVED. IN ADDITION, APPLIED
ASSUMES NO OBLIGATION PUBLICLY TO UPDATE OR REVISE ANY FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS, WHETHER BECAUSE OF NEW INFORMATION OR EVENTS, OR OTHERWISE.

         APPLIED BELIEVES ITS PRIMARY RISK FACTORS INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED
TO, THOSE IDENTIFIED IN "NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS," IN PART I, ITEM 1,
SECTION (C), BELOW, AND THE FOLLOWING: CHANGES IN THE ECONOMY OR IN SPECIFIC
CUSTOMER INDUSTRY SECTORS; CHANGES IN INTEREST RATES; CHANGES IN CUSTOMER
PROCUREMENT POLICIES AND PRACTICES; CHANGES IN PRODUCT MANUFACTURER SALES
POLICIES AND PRACTICES; THE AVAILABILITY OF PRODUCTS AND LABOR; CHANGES IN
OPERATING EXPENSES; THE EFFECT OF PRICE INCREASES OR DECREASES; THE VARIABILITY
AND TIMING OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES INCLUDING ACQUISITIONS, ALLIANCES, CUSTOMER
AGREEMENTS, AND SUPPLIER AUTHORIZATIONS; OUR ABILITY TO REALIZE THE ANTICIPATED
BENEFITS OF ACQUISITIONS AND MARKETING AND OTHER BUSINESS STRATEGIES, INCLUDING
ELECTRONIC COMMERCE INITIATIVES; THE INCURRENCE OF ADDITIONAL DEBT AND
CONTINGENT LIABILITIES IN CONNECTION WITH ACQUISITIONS; CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING
POLICIES AND PRACTICES; THE EFFECT OF ORGANIZATIONAL CHANGES WITHIN THE COMPANY;
THE EMERGENCE OF NEW COMPETITORS, INCLUDING FIRMS WITH GREATER FINANCIAL
RESOURCES THAN WE HAVE; RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES ASSOCIATED WITH APPLIED'S
EXPANSION INTO FOREIGN MARKETS, INCLUDING INFLATION RATES, RECESSIONS, AND
FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES; ADVERSE RESULTS IN SIGNIFICANT LITIGATION
MATTERS; ADVERSE REGULATION AND LEGISLATION; AND THE OCCURRENCE OF EXTRAORDINARY
EVENTS (INCLUDING PROLONGED LABOR DISPUTES, NATURAL EVENTS AND ACTS OF GOD,
FIRES, FLOODS, AND ACCIDENTS).





                                       2
<PAGE>   4




                                     PART I.
                                     -------

                                ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
                                       ---------

         In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, "Applied" refers to Applied
Industrial Technologies, Inc. References to "we," "us," "our," and "the company"
refer to Applied and its subsidiaries.

         The company is one of North America's leading distributors of
industrial products and fluid power products and systems. In addition, we
provide fluid, mechanical, electrical, and rubber shop services, as well as
material handling components and systems. We offer technical application support
for our products and provide creative solutions to help customers minimize
downtime and reduce overall procurement costs. Although we do not generally
manufacture the products we sell, we do assemble and repair certain products and
systems. Our sales are primarily in the maintenance and repair operations (MRO)
markets, to customers in a wide range of industries, principally in North
America. We also sell in original equipment manufacturing (OEM) markets.

         Applied and its predecessor companies have been engaged in this
business since 1923. Applied was incorporated in Delaware in 1928 and
reincorporated in Ohio in 1988. Formerly known as Bearings, Inc., Applied
adopted its current name as of January 1, 1997.

         (a)      General Development of Business.
                  --------------------------------

         The company made its initial entry into Canada in June 2000 by
acquiring Dynavest Corporation's industrial products and fluid power
distribution businesses, serving customers throughout western Canada. These
businesses, now operating as Applied Industrial Technologies Ltd., were
successfully integrated into Applied's family of companies in fiscal 2001.

         In January 2001 we launched a joint venture to distribute bearing and
power transmission products in Mexico by forming Applied Mexico, S.A. de C.V. We
also continued our expansion in the U.S. by acquiring Air Draulics Engineering
Co., a fluid power distributor with operations in Tennessee and Arkansas, in
September 2000.

         In fiscal 2001 we also formed a joint venture to distribute specialty
chemical products requiring special shipping, handling, and documentation,
including adhesives, lubricants, greases, and cleaning solvents. The new
venture, iSource Performance Materials LLC, is a certified minority-owned
business.

         John C. Dannemiller, Applied's Chairman since 1992 and Chief Executive
Officer from 1992 to January 2000, retired as an executive officer and director
in October 2000. He had served on the Board since 1985. David L. Pugh was
promoted to Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Bill L. Purser was elected
President & Chief Operating Officer.





                                       3
<PAGE>   5

         Further information regarding developments in our business can be found
in our 2001 Annual Report to shareholders under the caption "Management's
Discussion and Analysis" on pages 12 through 14, which is incorporated here by
reference.

         (b)      Financial Information about Segments.
                  -------------------------------------

         We have identified only one reportable business segment, service
center-based distribution. This business provides customers with solutions to
their maintenance, repair, and original equipment manufacturing needs by
distributing, through our service center network, bearings and seals, linear
motion products, power transmission products, fluid power products, industrial
rubber products, general maintenance products, and related specialty items. We
also offer technical product application support and provide creative solutions
to help customers minimize downtime and reduce overall procurement costs.

         In addition to the service center-based distribution business, we
operate several smaller businesses that primarily sell their products and
services directly to customers rather than through the service centers. These
businesses include our specialized fluid power businesses and the Engineered
Systems and Automation Division.

         Financial information on the service center-based distribution segment
and our other businesses can be found in the 2001 Annual Report to shareholders
in note 11 to the financial statements on pages 25 and 26, and that information
is incorporated here by reference.

         (c)      Narrative Description of Business.
                  ----------------------------------

         Overview. Our service centers, located in 47 states, five western
Canadian provinces, Puerto Rico, and Mexico, serve as the company's primary
business channel. As noted in "Financial Information about Segments," above, we
also operate other businesses that sell products and services directly to
customers rather than through the service centers.

         Our U.S. operating structure is built around two major platforms -
industrial products, and fluid power products and systems. The structure divides
our domestic field operations into two primary business units:

         -        Industrial Products Unit. This unit includes all of the
                  domestic service centers, through which we distribute bearings
                  and seals, linear motion products, power transmission
                  products, fluid power components, industrial rubber products,
                  general maintenance products, and related specialty items,
                  primarily for maintenance and repair applications. In
                  addition, the Industrial Products Unit includes the company's
                  regional fabricated rubber shops, which modify and repair
                  conveyor belts and provide hose assemblies in accordance with
                  customer requirements, and field crews that perform belt and
                  rubber lining installation and repair services at customer
                  locations. This business unit accounts for the bulk of our
                  field operations and sales dollars.





                                       4
<PAGE>   6

         -        Fluid Power Unit. This unit includes our specialized fluid
                  power businesses, which market their products and services
                  directly to customers rather than through the service center
                  network. In addition to distributing fluid power components,
                  the businesses operate shops that assemble fluid power systems
                  and components and offer technical advice to customers.
                  Customers include businesses purchasing for maintenance and
                  repair applications, as well as for original equipment
                  manufacturing applications. The Fluid Power Unit operates in
                  various geographic areas throughout the United States under
                  the following names: Air and Hydraulics Engineering
                  (Southeast), Air Draulics Engineering (Mississippi Valley),
                  Dees Fluid Power (Mid-Atlantic and Northeast), Elect-Air (West
                  Coast), Engineered Sales (Midwest), ESI Power Hydraulics
                  (Midwest), and Kent Fluid Power (West Coast).

         In addition to the foregoing, we operate other businesses within
separate organizational structures. Among these businesses are the following:

         -        Our Canadian subsidiary, Applied Industrial Technologies Ltd.,
                  which operates service centers and shops in five western
                  Canadian provinces under the names Bearing & Transmission,
                  HyPower, All Agro Parts, and B&T Rubber.

         -        Our Puerto Rican subsidiary, Rafael Benitez Carrillo, Inc.,
                  which operates three service centers.

         -        The Engineered Systems and Automation Division, which offers
                  electrical and mechanical design, fabrication, installation,
                  and support services, primarily in the U.S.

         -        Our majority-owned Mexican subsidiary, Applied Mexico, S.A. de
                  C.V., with a service center in Mexico City.

         Products. We are one of North America's leading distributors of
industrial and fluid power products and systems. Industrial products include
bearings and seals, linear motion products, power transmission products,
industrial rubber products, general maintenance products, and related specialty
items. Fluid power products include hydraulic, pneumatic, lubrication, and
filtration components and systems.

         These products are generally manufactured by other companies for whom
we serve as a non-exclusive distributor. In addition to products, our supplier
relationships offer access to technical product training, as well as sales and
marketing support. We believe that these relationships are generally good. The
loss of certain suppliers could have an adverse effect on our business.
Authorizations to represent suppliers, particularly fluid power product
manufacturers, may vary by geographic region.

         Net sales by product category for the past three fiscal years can be
found in the 2001 Annual Report to shareholders in note 11 to the financial
statements on page 26, and that information is incorporated here by reference.

         Services. Our service center associates advise and assist customers
with respect to product selection and application. We consider this advice and
assistance to be an integral part of our sales







                                       5
<PAGE>   7

efforts. Beyond acting as a mere distributor, we offer product and process
solutions involving multiple technologies. These solutions reduce production
downtime, as well as overall procurement and maintenance costs for customers. By
providing high levels of service, product and industry expertise, and technical
support, while at the same time offering competitive pricing, we believe we can
develop closer, longer-lasting, and more profitable customer relationships.

         Our sales associates include customer service representatives and field
account managers, as well as product and industry specialists. Customer service
representatives receive, process, and expedite customer orders, provide product
and pricing information, and assist field account managers in serving customers.
Field account managers make on-site calls to current and potential customers to
provide product and price information, identify customer requirements, provide
recommendations, and assist in implementing equipment maintenance and storeroom
management programs, including our AppliedStore(R) storeroom replenishment
system. Using our Documented Value Added(R) software program, account managers
measure and document the value to the customer, through cost savings and/or
increased productivity, of our services and recommendations. Product and
industry specialists assist with applications in their areas of technical
expertise. We also have call centers for specific product technologies, staffed
by technicians who provide consulting and training services.

         We maintain inventory levels at each service center tailored to the
local market it serves. These inventories consist of standard items stocked at
most service centers as well as other items that are specific to customers'
immediate needs. We also maintain back-up inventory in nine distribution centers
that directly support our service center network and customer needs. The
inventory maintained at our facilities allows customers to minimize their own
inventories of industrial products.

         In addition to product distribution-related services, we offer shop
services to customers. Our fabricated rubber shops modify and repair conveyor
belts and provide hose assemblies (also available at select service centers) in
accordance with customer requirements. Rubber service field crews perform belt
and rubber lining installation and repair services at customer locations in
certain geographic areas. We also offer, through an alliance with an outside
provider, mechanical shop services, including the rebuilding and assembly of
speed reducers, pumps, valves, cylinders, and hydraulic motors, and custom
machining.

         Timely delivery of products to customers is an integral part of our
service. Service centers and distribution centers use the most effective method
of transportation available to meet customer needs, including our own delivery
vehicles, dedicated third-party logistics providers, as well as both surface and
air common carrier and courier services. These transportation services and
delivery vehicles also move products between suppliers, distribution centers,
and service centers to assure availability of merchandise for customer needs.

         Our inventory and sales information systems enhance our ability to
serve customers. The point-of-sale OMNEX(R) computer system, on which domestic
service centers operate, gives each service center on-line access to inventory
and sales history information. The system permits direct






                                       6
<PAGE>   8

access for order entry, pricing, order expediting, and back order review. We
also engage in electronic data interchange (EDI) and electronic funds transfer
(EFT) with participating customers and suppliers.

         We support our service center network with website and paper catalog
marketing channels. AppliedAccess(R) (www.applied-access.com) is our broad line
website, providing customers a convenient method to search for products in a
vast electronic database, view prices, check inventory levels, place orders, and
track order status. Our Maintenance America(R) specialty product catalog and
newly launched website (www.maintenanceamerica.com) facilitate the ordering of
more than 18,000 products used by maintenance professionals.

         The Fluid Power Unit businesses operate independently of the service
centers, but as product distributors, share the same focus on customer service.
Product and application recommendations, inventory availability, and delivery
speed are all key to the fluid power businesses' success. The businesses
distinguish themselves, though, from most component distributors by also
offering engineering, design, fabrication, and installation services. Each
business has account managers with extensive technical knowledge, who handle
sophisticated projects for customers primarily within the business' geographic
region.

         Our operations contrast sharply with those of our product manufacturers
as the manufacturers generally confine their direct sales activities to
large-volume transactions with original equipment manufacturers, which
incorporate the components purchased into the products they make. The
manufacturers generally do not sell replacement components directly to the
customer but instead refer the customer to us or another distributor. There is
no assurance that this practice will continue, however, and any discontinuance
of this practice could have an adverse effect on our business.

         Markets and Methods of Distribution. We purchase from several thousand
product manufacturers and resell the products to customers in a wide variety of
industries, including agriculture and food processing, automotive, chemical
processing, forest products, industrial machinery and equipment, mining, primary
metals, transportation, and utilities. Customers range from the largest
industrial concerns in North America to the smallest. We are not significantly
dependent on a single customer or group of customers, the loss of which would
have a material adverse effect on our business as a whole, and no single
customer accounts for more than 3% of our net sales.

         In recent years, there has been a trend among large industrial
customers towards reducing the number of their suppliers of maintenance and
replacement products. We have responded to this trend by expanding our
geographic reach, broadening our product offering, and developing new methods
for marketing our products. There can be no guarantee, however, that this trend
will not have an adverse effect on our business.

         Customers have also increasingly demonstrated a desire to order
products through electronic product catalogs and Internet-based procurement
systems. We have responded to this trend by






                                       7
<PAGE>   9

developing avenues, such as the AppliedAccess(R) and Maintenance America(R)
websites, described above, to provide current and new customers the flexibility
to order through their preferred procurement method.

         Certain customers have turned to e-commerce software providers and
Internet marketplaces to facilitate purchases from multiple suppliers through
one electronic interface. We believe that our product and services offerings,
geographic breadth, and related immediate and accurate product fulfillment
capabilities position us to grow our market share through relationships with
selected e-commerce companies. On the other hand, it is possible that emerging
electronic procurement models may tend to devalue distributor services such as
product selection and application-specific advice, and to narrow product sales
margins. Accordingly, there is no assurance that increased procurement through
multi-supplier electronic systems will not adversely affect our business.

         Competition. We consider our business to be highly competitive. In
addition, our markets present few economic or technological barriers to entry,
although longstanding supplier and customer relationships and the expertise of
our associates may operate as barriers. Competition is based generally on
product and service offerings, product availability, price, and having a local
presence.

         Our principal competitors are other specialized bearing, power
transmission, industrial rubber, fluid power, linear motion, and specialty item
distributors, and, to a lesser extent, mill supply houses. These competitors
include local, regional, national and international operations. We also compete
with original equipment manufacturers and their distributors in the sale of
maintenance and replacement components. Certain competitors have greater
financial resources than we do. The identity and number of competitors vary
throughout the geographic and product markets in which we conduct business.

         Although we are one of the leading distributors in North America for
the major product categories we carry, our market share for those products in
any given geographic area may be relatively small compared to the portion of the
market served by original equipment manufacturers and other distributors.

         Backlog and Seasonality. Because of our extensive product resources and
distribution network, we do not have a substantial backlog of orders, nor are
backlog orders significant at any given time. We do not consider our overall
business to be seasonal.

         Patents, Trademarks, and Licenses. Customer recognition of our service
marks and trade names, including Applied Industrial Technologies(R), Applied(R),
and AIT(R), is an important contributing factor to our sales. Patents and
licenses are not of material importance to our business.

         Raw Materials and General Business Conditions. Our operations are
dependent on general industrial activities and economic conditions and would be
adversely affected by the unavailability of raw materials to our suppliers,
prolonged labor disputes experienced by suppliers or customers, or






                                       8
<PAGE>   10

by any recession or depression that has an adverse effect on industrial activity
generally or on key customer industries served by us.

         Number of Employees.  On June 30, 2001, we had 4,789 employees.

         Working Capital. Our working capital position is disclosed in the
financial statements referred to at Item 14 on page 16 of this Report and is
discussed in "Management's Discussion and Analysis" in the 2001 Annual Report to
shareholders on page 13.

         We require substantial working capital related to accounts receivable
and inventories. Significant amounts of inventory are carried to meet rapid
delivery requirements of customers. We generally require all payments for sales
on account within 30 days. Returns are not considered to have a material effect
on our working capital requirements. We believe these practices are consistent
with industry practices.

         Environmental Laws. We believe that compliance with federal, state and
local laws regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or
otherwise relating to environmental protection will not have a material adverse
effect on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position.

         (d)      Financial Information about Geographic Areas.
                  ---------------------------------------------

         Sales by our Canadian and Mexican operations represented 4.7% of our
total net sales in fiscal 2001. The operating results from our Canadian
businesses (acquired in June 2000) have been included in our consolidated
financial statements only since July 1, 2000. Long-lived assets located outside
the United States are not material.

         Our U.S. operations' export sales during the fiscal year ended June 30,
2001, and prior fiscal years, were less than 2% of net sales, and were not
concentrated in a specific geographic area.

         Additional information regarding our foreign operations is included in
the 2001 Annual Report to shareholders in note 11 to the financial statements on
pages 25 and 26, and that information is incorporated here by reference.







                                       9
<PAGE>   11



                               ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.
                                       -----------

         We own or lease the properties in which our offices, service centers,
distribution centers, and shops are located. At June 30, 2001, we owned real
properties at 175 locations and leased 265 locations. Certain locations contain
multiple operations, such as a shop and a distribution center.

         Our principal owned real properties (each of which has more than 20,000
square feet of floor space) at June 30, 2001 were:

          -    the distribution center in Atlanta, Georgia
          -    the distribution center in Florence, Kentucky
          -    the service center in West Monroe, Louisiana
          -    the service center and rubber shop in Omaha, Nebraska
          -    the distribution center in Portland, Oregon
          -    the distribution center in Carlisle, Pennsylvania

         Our principal leased real properties (each of which has more than
20,000 square feet of floor space) at June 30, 2001 were:

          -    the corporate headquarters facility in Cleveland, Ohio
          -    the distribution center, offices, and rubber shop in Fontana,
               California
          -    the service center in Long Beach, California
          -    the service center in San Jose, California
          -    the rubber shop in Tracy, California
          -    the distribution center and service center in Denver, Colorado
          -    the rubber shop in Denver, Colorado
          -    the fluid power sales office and warehouse in Joppa, Maryland
          -    the service center in Grand Rapids, Michigan
          -    the service center and mechanical and fluid power shop in Iron
               Mountain, Michigan
          -    the service center in Kansas City, Missouri
          -    the distribution center and rubber shop in Fort Worth, Texas
          -    the service center in Longview, Washington
          -    the distribution center, fluid power shop, and rubber shop in
               Longview, Washington
          -    the offices, service center, and rubber shop in Appleton,
               Wisconsin

          -    the service center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin

          -    the service centers and distribution center in Winnipeg, Manitoba

          -    the offices and fluid power shop in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan

         Except for the Saskatoon fluid power shop and the Joppa, Maryland
facility, all of the properties listed above are used in our service
center-based distribution segment.

         We consider our properties generally sufficient to meet our
requirements for office space and inventory stocking. A service center's size is
primarily influenced by the amount of inventory the






                                       10
<PAGE>   12

service center requires to meet its customers' needs. We use all of our owned
and leased properties except for certain properties (one of which has floor
space exceeding 20,000 square feet), which in the aggregate are not material and
are either for sale, lease, or sublease to third parties due to a relocation or
closing. We also may lease or sublease to others unused portions of buildings.

         In recent years, when opening new locations, we have emphasized leasing
rather than owning real property. We do not consider any of our service center,
distribution center, or shop properties to be material, because we believe that
if it becomes necessary or desirable to relocate one of those operations, other
suitable property could be found.


                       ITEM 3. PENDING LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
                               --------------------------

         Applied and/or one of its subsidiaries is a party to various pending
judicial and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of
business. Based on circumstances currently known, we do not believe that any
liabilities that may result from these proceedings are reasonably likely to have
a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.


          ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
                  ----------------------------------------------------

         No matters were submitted to a vote of Applied's security holders
during the last quarter of fiscal 2001.


                      EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.
                      -------------------------------------

         Applied's executive officers are elected by the Board of Directors for
a term of one year, or until their successors are chosen and qualified, at the
Board's organizational meeting held immediately following the annual meeting of
shareholders. The following is a list of the executive officers and a
description of their business experience during the past five years. Except as
otherwise stated, the positions and offices indicated are with Applied, and the
persons were elected to their current positions on October 17, 2000:

                  David L. Pugh. Mr. Pugh is Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
         (since October 2000) and has served as a member of the Board of
         Directors since January 2000. He was President & Chief Executive
         Officer (from January 2000 to October 2000), and prior to that was
         President & Chief Operating Officer (from January 1999 to January
         2000). Prior to joining Applied, he was Senior Vice President of the
         Industrial Control Group (from 1996 to 1998) of Rockwell Automation, a
         division of Rockwell International Corporation. In that position, he
         was responsible for a global manufacturing operation encompassing three
         business groups, 5,000 employees, and 13 operating locations. He is 52
         years of age.





                                       11
<PAGE>   13

                  Bill L. Purser. Mr. Purser is President & Chief Operating
         Officer (since October 2000). Prior to that he was Vice President-Chief
         Marketing Officer (from February 1999 to October 2000), and Vice
         President-Marketing & National Accounts (from 1996 to February 1999).
         He is 58 years of age.

                  Todd A. Barlett. Mr. Barlett is Vice President-Global Business
         Development (since October 2000). He had served as Vice
         President-Alliance Systems (from August 1999 to October 2000), Vice
         President-National Accounts & Alliance Systems (from August 1998 to
         August 1999), and Vice President-Southeast Area (from 1995 to August
         1998). He is 46 years of age.

                  Donald L. Chargin. Mr. Chargin is Vice President-Unit
         President, Industrial Products (since January 2000). He had served as
         Vice President-Sales and Field Operations (from August 1998 to January
         2000) and Vice President-Western Area (from 1995 to August 1998). He is
         46 years of age.

                  Robert A. Christensen. Mr. Christensen is Vice President-Unit
         President, Fluid Power (since November 2000). Prior to that he was Vice
         President-Fluid Power Business Development (from April to November
         2000) and Director of Fluid Power Products (from 1994 to April 2000).
         He is 60 years of age.

                  Mark O. Eisele. Mr. Eisele is Vice President & Controller
         (since October 1997). He was Controller (from 1992 to October 1997). He
         is 44 years of age.

                  James T. Hopper. Mr. Hopper is Vice President-Chief
         Information Officer (since January 2000). He had served as Vice
         President-Information Systems (from 1995 to January 2000). He is 58
         years of age.

                  Jeffrey A. Ramras. Mr. Ramras is Vice President-Supply Chain
         Management (since January 2000). He had served as Vice
         President-Logistics (from 1995 to January 2000). He is 46 years of age.

                  Richard C. Shaw. Mr. Shaw is Vice President-Communications and
         Learning (since January 2000). He had served as Vice
         President-Communications, Organizational Learning & Quality Standards
         (from 1996 to January 2000). He is 52 years of age.

                  Robert C. Stinson. Mr. Stinson is Vice President-Chief
         Administrative Officer, General Counsel & Secretary (since October
         1997). He was Vice President-Administration, Human Resources, General
         Counsel & Secretary (from 1994 to October 1997). He is 55 years of age.

                  John R. Whitten. Mr. Whitten is Vice President-Chief Financial
         Officer & Treasurer (since October 1997). He was Vice President-Finance
         & Treasurer (from 1992 to October 1997). He is 55 years of age.





                                       12
<PAGE>   14

                                    PART II.

            ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATE
                    -------------------------------------------------
                              STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.
                              --------------------

         Applied's Common Stock, without par value, is listed for trading on the
New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol AIT. The information concerning
the principal market for Applied's Common Stock, the quarterly stock prices and
dividends for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2001, 2000, and 1999 and the
number of shareholders of record as of August 17, 2001 is set forth in the 2001
Annual Report to shareholders on page 29, under the caption "Quarterly Operating
Results and Market Data," and that information is incorporated here by
reference.


                        ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.
                                ------------------------

         The summary of selected financial data for the last five years is set
forth in the 2001 Annual Report to shareholders in the table on pages 30 and 31
under the caption "10 Year Summary" and is incorporated here by reference.


            ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
                    -------------------------------------------------
                      CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
                      ------------------------------------

         "Management's Discussion and Analysis" is set forth in the 2001 Annual
Report to shareholders on pages 12 through 14 and is incorporated here by
reference.


                ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
                         ----------------------------------------
                               ABOUT MARKET RISK.
                               ------------------

         The disclosures about market risk required by this item are set forth
in Applied's 2001 Annual Report to shareholders on page 14, which information is
incorporated here by reference. For further information relating to borrowing
and interest rates, see the Capital Resources section of "Management's
Discussion and Analysis" and Notes 5 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in Applied's 2001 Annual Report to shareholders on pages 21 and 22,
which information is incorporated here by reference. In addition, please see
"Cautionary Statement under Private Securities Litigation Reform Act" at page 2,
above, for additional risk factors relating to our business.










                                       13
<PAGE>   15



         ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
                  --------------------------------------------

         The following consolidated financial statements and supplementary data
of Applied and its subsidiaries and the independent auditors' report listed
below, which are included in the 2001 Annual Report to shareholders at the pages
indicated, are incorporated here by reference and filed with this Report:

                  Caption                                             Page No.
                  -------                                             --------

         Financial Statements:

                  Statements of Consolidated                              15
                  Income for the Years Ended
                  June 30, 2001, 2000, and 1999

                  Consolidated Balance Sheets                             16
                  June 30, 2001 and 2000

                  Statements of Consolidated                              17
                  Cash Flows for the Years Ended
                  June 30, 2001, 2000, and 1999

                  Statements of Consolidated                              18
                  Shareholders' Equity for the
                  Years Ended June 30, 2001,
                  2000, and 1999

                  Notes to Consolidated                                 19 - 26
                  Financial Statements for the
                  Years Ended June 30, 2001, 2000, and 1999

         Independent Auditors' Report                                     27

         Supplementary Data:

                  Quarterly Operating Results and                         29
                  Market Data







                                       14
<PAGE>   16




         ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
                  ---------------------------------------------
                     ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.
                     ---------------------------------------

                                 Not applicable.

                                    PART III.
                                    ---------

          ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.
                   ---------------------------------------------------

         The information required by this Item as to Applied's directors is set
forth in Applied's Proxy Statement dated September 12, 2001 on pages 4 through 6
under the caption "Election of Directors" and is incorporated here by reference.
The information required by this Item as to Applied's executive officers has
been furnished in this Report on pages 11 through 13 in Part I, after Item 4,
under the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant." The information
required by this Item as to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 is set forth in Applied's Proxy Statement on page 18 under
the caption "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" and is
incorporated here by reference.


                        ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.
                                 -----------------------

         The information required by this Item is set forth in Applied's Proxy
Statement dated September 12, 2001, under the captions "Summary Compensation" on
page 8, "Option Grants in Last Fiscal Year" and "Aggregated Option Exercises and
Fiscal Year-End Option Value Table" on page 9, "Estimated Retirement Benefits
Under Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits Plan" on page 10, "Compensation
of Directors," "Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-employee Directors,"
"Deferred Compensation Plan," and "Change in Control Agreements and Other
Related Arrangements" on pages 14 through 16, and is incorporated here by
reference.


                ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
                         ----------------------------------------
                             OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.
                             ----------------------

         Information concerning the security ownership of certain beneficial
owners and management is set forth under the caption "Beneficial Ownership of
Certain Applied Shareholders and Management" on page 7 of Applied's Proxy
Statement dated September 12, 2001, and is incorporated here by reference.






                                       15
<PAGE>   17




         ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.
                   -----------------------------------------------

         Information concerning certain relationships and related transactions
is set forth under the caption "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions"
on page 14 of Applied's Proxy Statement dated September 12, 2001 and is
incorporated here by reference.


                                    PART IV.

          ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT
                   ----------------------------------------------------
                       SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.
                       ----------------------------------

(a)1.    Financial Statements.
         ---------------------

         The following consolidated financial statements, notes thereto, the
independent auditors' report, and supplemental data are included in the 2001
Annual Report to shareholders on pages 15 through 27 and page 29, and are
incorporated by reference in Item 8 of this Report.

                                    Caption
                                    -------

                  Statements of Consolidated Income for the
                  Years Ended June 30, 2001, 2000, and 1999

                  Consolidated Balance Sheets at
                  June 30, 2001 and 2000

                  Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows for
                  the Years Ended June 30, 2001, 2000, and 1999

                  Statements of Consolidated Shareholders'
                  Equity for the Years Ended June 30, 2001,
                  2000, and 1999

                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                  for the Years Ended June 30, 2001, 2000, and 1999

                  Independent Auditors' Report

                  Supplementary Data:
                    Quarterly Operating Results and Market Data






                                       16
<PAGE>   18




(a)2.    Financial Statement Schedule.
         -----------------------------

         The following report and schedule are included in this Part IV, and are
found in this Report at the pages indicated:

                           Caption                                     Page No.
                           -------                                     --------

                  Independent Auditors' Report                            23


                  Schedule II - Valuation and                             24
                  Qualifying Accounts

         All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable
accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission have been
omitted because they are not required under the related instructions, are not
applicable, or the required information is included in the consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto.

(a)3.    Exhibits.
         ---------

                  *        Asterisk indicates an executive compensation plan or
                           arrangement.

                  Exhibit
                  No.                                        Description
                  ---                                        -----------

                  3(a)              Amended and Restated Articles of
                                    Incorporation of Applied Industrial
                                    Technologies, Inc., as amended on October 8,
                                    1998 (filed as Exhibit 3(a) to Applied's
                                    Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
                                    30, 1998, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                                    incorporated here by reference).

                  3(b)              Code of Regulations of Applied Industrial
                                    Technologies, Inc., as amended on October
                                    19, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 3(b) to Applied's
                                    Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
                                    30, 1999, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                                    incorporated here by reference).

                  4(a)              Certificate of Merger of Bearings, Inc.
                                    (Ohio) and Bearings, Inc. (Delaware) filed
                                    with the Ohio Secretary of State on October
                                    18, 1988, including an Agreement and Plan of
                                    Reorganization dated September 6, 1988
                                    (filed as Exhibit 4(a) to Applied's
                                    Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed May
                                    23, 1997, Registration No. 333-27801, and
                                    incorporated here by reference).

                  4(b)              $80,000,000 Maximum Aggregate Principal
                                    Amount Note Purchase Agreement and Private
                                    Shelf Facility dated October 31, 1992





                                       17
<PAGE>   19

                                    between Applied and The Prudential Insurance
                                    Company of America (as amended and restated)
                                    (filed as Exhibit 4(b) to Applied's
                                    Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed May
                                    23, 1997, Registration No. 333-27801, and
                                    incorporated here by reference).

                  4(c)              Amendment to $80,000,000 Maximum Aggregate
                                    Principal Amount Note Purchase Agreement and
                                    Private Shelf Facility dated October 31,
                                    1992 between Applied and The Prudential
                                    Insurance Company of America (filed as
                                    Exhibit 4(g) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the
                                    quarter ended March 31, 1996, SEC File No.
                                    1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

                  4(d)              Private Shelf Agreement dated as of November
                                    27, 1996, as amended on January 30, 1998,
                                    between Applied and The Prudential Insurance
                                    Company of America (filed as Exhibit 4(f) to
                                    Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                                    March 31, 1998, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                                    incorporated here by reference).

                  4(e)              Amendment dated October 24, 2000 to November
                                    27, 1996 Private Shelf Agreement between
                                    Applied and The Prudential Insurance Company
                                    of America (filed as Exhibit 4(e) to
                                    Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                                    September 30, 2000, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                                    incorporated here by reference).

                  4(f)              $150,000,000 Credit Agreement dated as of
                                    November 5, 1998 among Applied, KeyBank
                                    National Association as Agent, and various
                                    financial institutions (filed as Exhibit
                                    4(e) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter
                                    ended September 30, 1998, SEC File No.
                                    1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

                  4(g)              Rights Agreement, dated as of February 2,
                                    1998, between Applied and Harris Trust and
                                    Savings Bank, as Rights Agent, which
                                    includes as Exhibit B thereto the Form of
                                    Rights Certificate (filed as Exhibit No. 1
                                    to Applied's Registration Statement on Form
                                    8-A filed July 20, 1998, SEC File No.
                                    1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(a)            Form of Amended and Restated Change in
                                    Control Agreement between Applied and each
                                    of its executive officers (filed as Exhibit
                                    10(b) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter
                                    ended March 31, 1998, SEC File No. 1-2299,
                                    and incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(b)            A written description of Applied's director
                                    compensation program is found in Applied's
                                    Proxy Statement dated September 12, 2001,
                                    SEC







                                       18
<PAGE>   20

                                    File No. 1-2299, on page 14, under the
                                    caption "Compensation of Directors," and is
                                    incorporated here by reference.

                  *10(c)            Applied Deferred Compensation Plan for
                                    Non-employee Directors (January 1, 1997
                                    Restatement) (filed as Exhibit 10(d) to
                                    Applied's Registration Statement on Form S-4
                                    filed May 23, 1997, Registration No.
                                    333-27801, and incorporated here by
                                    reference).

                  *10(d)            First Amendment to Deferred Compensation
                                    Plan for Non-employee Directors (January 1,
                                    1997 Restatement) dated May 1, 1998 (filed
                                    as Exhibit 10(d) to Applied's Form 10-K for
                                    the year ended June 30, 1998, SEC File No.
                                    1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(e)            A written description of Applied's Life and
                                    Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance
                                    for executive officers (filed as Exhibit
                                    10(b) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter
                                    ended December 31, 1997, SEC File No.
                                    1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(f)            A written description of Applied's Long-Term
                                    Disability Insurance for executive officers
                                    (filed as Exhibit 10(c) to Applied's Form
                                    10-Q for the quarter ended December 31,
                                    1997, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated
                                    here by reference).

                  *10(g)            Form of Director and Officer Indemnification
                                    Agreement entered into between Applied and
                                    each of its directors and executive officers
                                    (filed as Exhibit 10(g) to Applied's
                                    Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed May
                                    23, 1997, Registration No. 333-27801, and
                                    incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(h)            Applied Supplemental Executive Retirement
                                    Benefits Plan (July 1, 1997 Restatement) in
                                    which 9 executive officers (as well as
                                    certain former executive officers) currently
                                    participate (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to
                                    Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                                    September 30, 1997, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                                    incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(i)            First Amendment to Supplemental Executive
                                    Retirement Benefits Plan effective as of
                                    August 5, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to
                                    Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                                    December 31, 1998, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                                    incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(j)            Second Amendment to Supplemental Executive
                                    Retirement Benefits Plan effective as of
                                    October 1, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 10(c) to
                                    Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                                    September 30, 2000, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                                    incorporated here by reference).





                                       19
<PAGE>   21

                  *10(k)            Third Amendment to Supplemental Executive
                                    Retirement Benefits Plan effective as of
                                    October 1, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 10 to
                                    Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                                    December 31, 2000, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                                    incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(l)            Applied Deferred Compensation Plan (January
                                    1, 1997 Restatement) (filed as Exhibit 10(j)
                                    to Applied's Registration Statement on Form
                                    S-4 filed May 23, 1997, Registration No.
                                    333-27801, and incorporated here by
                                    reference).

                  *10(m)            First Amendment to Deferred Compensation
                                    Plan dated May 1, 1998 (filed as Exhibit
                                    10(j) to Applied's Form 10-K for the year
                                    ended June 30, 1998, SEC File No. 1-2299,
                                    and incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(n)            Second Amendment to Deferred Compensation
                                    Plan effective as of October 1, 2000 (filed
                                    as Exhibit 10(b) to Applied's Form 10-Q for
                                    the quarter ended September 30, 2000, SEC
                                    File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by
                                    reference).

                  *10(o)            Third Amendment to Deferred Compensation
                                    Plan effective as of January 16, 2001 (filed
                                    as Exhibit 10(b) to Applied's Form 10-Q for
                                    the quarter ended March 31, 2001, SEC File
                                    No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by
                                    reference).

                  *10(p)            1997 Long-Term Performance Plan adopted by
                                    Shareholders on October 21, 1997 (filed as
                                    Exhibit 10(a) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the
                                    quarter ended December 31, 1997, SEC File
                                    No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by
                                    reference).

                  *10(q)            A written description of Applied's
                                    Management Incentive Plan applicable to
                                    executive officers, including the five most
                                    highly compensated executive officers, is
                                    found in Applied's Proxy Statement dated
                                    September 12, 2001, SEC File No. 1-2299, on
                                    page 11, in the Report of the Executive
                                    Organization & Compensation Committee of the
                                    Board of Directors on Executive
                                    Compensation, under the subcaption
                                    "Management Incentive Plan," and is
                                    incorporated here by reference.

                  *10(r)            Applied Supplemental Defined Contribution
                                    Plan (January 1, 1997 Restatement) (filed as
                                    Exhibit 10(m) to Applied's Registration
                                    Statement on Form S-4 filed May 23, 1997,
                                    Registration No. 333-27801, and incorporated
                                    here by reference).





                                       20
<PAGE>   22

                  *10(s)            First Amendment to Applied Supplemental
                                    Defined Contribution Plan effective as of
                                    October 1, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to
                                    Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                                    September 30, 2000, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                                    incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(t)            Second Amendment to Applied Supplemental
                                    Defined Contribution Plan effective as of
                                    January 16, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to
                                    Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                                    March 31, 2001, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                                    incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(u)            Retention Award Program for James T. Hopper,
                                    Vice President-Chief Information Officer,
                                    dated March 30, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 10(o)
                                    to Applied's Form 10-K for the year ended
                                    June 30, 2000, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                                    incorporated here by reference).

                  10(v)             Lease dated as of March 1, 1996 between
                                    Applied and the Cleveland-Cuyahoga County
                                    Port Authority (filed as Exhibit 10(n) to
                                    Applied's Registration Statement on Form S-4
                                    filed May 23, 1997, Registration No.
                                    333-27801, and incorporated here by
                                    reference).

                  *10(w)            Consulting, Non-competition and
                                    Confidentiality Agreement among Applied, Oak
                                    Grove Consulting Group, Inc., and J. Michael
                                    Moore dated July 31, 1997 (filed as Exhibit
                                    10(c) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter
                                    ended September 30, 1997, SEC File No.
                                    1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(x)            Non-qualified Deferred Compensation
                                    Agreement between Applied and J. Michael
                                    Moore effective as of December 31, 1997
                                    (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to Applied's Form
                                    10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1998,
                                    SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here
                                    by reference).

                   13               Applied 2001 Annual Report to shareholders
                                    (not deemed "filed" as part of this Form
                                    10-K except for those portions that are
                                    expressly incorporated by reference).

                   21               Applied's subsidiaries at June 30, 2001.

                   23               Independent Auditors' Consent.

                   24               Powers of attorney.





                                       21
<PAGE>   23

         Applied will furnish a copy of any exhibit described above and not
contained herein upon payment of a specified reasonable fee which shall be
limited to Applied's reasonable expenses in furnishing the exhibit.

         Certain instruments with respect to long-term debt have not been filed
as exhibits because the total amount of securities authorized under any one of
the instruments does not exceed 10 percent of the total assets of Applied and
its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Applied agrees to furnish to the
Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, a copy of each such
instrument.

(b)      Reports on Form 8-K.
         --------------------

         None during the quarter ended June 30, 2001.






















                                       22
<PAGE>   24




                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
                          ----------------------------


Shareholders and Board of Directors
Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.

         We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of Applied Industrial
Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2001 and
2000, and the related statements of consolidated income, shareholders' equity,
and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended June 30,
2001 and have issued our report thereon dated August 8, 2001; such consolidated
financial statements and report are included in your 2001 Annual Report to
shareholders and are incorporated herein by reference. Our audits also included
the consolidated financial statement schedule of the Company, listed in Item
14(a)2. This consolidated financial statement schedule is the responsibility of
the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on
our audits. In our opinion, such consolidated financial statement schedule, when
considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a
whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth
therein.


/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP


Cleveland, Ohio
August 8, 2001
















                                       23
<PAGE>   25

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. & SUBSIDIARIES
                                        ----------------------------------------------------

                                                  VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                          FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2001, 2000 AND 1999
                                                           (in thousands)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                     COLUMN A                      COLUMN B                 COLUMN C                     COLUMN D        COLUMN E
                     --------                      --------      -------------------------------         --------        --------


                                                                    ADDITIONS         ADDITIONS
                                                  BALANCE AT       CHARGED TO        CHARGED TO         DEDUCTIONS        BALANCE
                                                   BEGINNING        COSTS AND           OTHER              FROM          AT END OF
                    DESCRIPTION                    OF PERIOD        EXPENSES          ACCOUNTS            RESERVE         PERIOD
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                                   <C>              <C>            <C>              <C>                  <C>
YEAR ENDED JUNE 30 2001:
Reserve deducted from assets to
which it applies - accounts receivable
allowances                                            $3,800           $6,995         $700 (B)         $6,500 (A)           $5,400
                                                                                       405 (C)

YEAR ENDED JUNE 30 2000:
Reserve deducted from assets to
which it applies - accounts receivable
allowances                                            $3,515           $3,058         $500 (B)         $3,273 (A)           $3,800

YEAR ENDED JUNE 30 1999:
Reserve deducted from assets to
which it applies - accounts receivable
allowances                                            $3,500           $3,014         $100 (C)         $3,099 (A)           $3,515

(A) Amounts represent uncollectible accounts charged off.

(B) Amounts represent reserves for the return of merchandise.

(C) Represents reserves recorded through purchase accounting for acquisitions
made during the year.
</TABLE>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   SCHEDULE II




<PAGE>   26

                                   SIGNATURES
                                   ----------

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                      APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

/s/ David L. Pugh                          /s/ Bill L. Purser
--------------------------------------     -------------------------------------
David L. Pugh, Chairman &                  Bill L. Purser, President &
Chief Executive Officer                    Chief Operating Officer


/s/ John R. Whitten                        /s/ Mark O. Eisele
--------------------------------------     -------------------------------------
John R. Whitten                            Mark O. Eisele
Vice President-Chief Financial Officer     Vice President & Controller
& Treasurer                                (Principal Accounting Officer)

Date:  September 19, 2001

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

/s/ William G. Bares                       /s/ Dr. Roger D. Blackwell
--------------------------------------     -------------------------------------
William G. Bares, Director                 Dr. Roger D. Blackwell, Director

/s/ William E. Butler                      *
--------------------------------------     -------------------------------------
William E. Butler, Director                Thomas A. Commes, Director

/s/ Russel B. Every                        /s/ Russell R. Gifford
--------------------------------------     -------------------------------------
Russel B. Every, Director                  Russell R. Gifford, Director

*                                          /s/ J. Michael Moore
--------------------------------------     -------------------------------------
L. Thomas Hiltz, Director                  J. Michael Moore, Director

/s/ David L. Pugh                          /s/ Dr. Jerry Sue Thornton
--------------------------------------     -------------------------------------
David L. Pugh, Chairman & Chief            Dr. Jerry Sue Thornton, Director
Executive Officer and Director


*
--------------------------------------
Stephen E. Yates, Director


/s/ Robert C. Stinson
--------------------------------------
Robert C. Stinson, as attorney
in fact for persons indicated by "*"

Date:  September 19, 2001

<PAGE>   27

                      APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX
                  TO FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2001

Exhibit
No.                        Description
---                        -----------

3(a)              Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of
                  Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., as amended on
                  October 8, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 3(a) to Applied's
                  Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1998,
                  SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by
                  reference).

3(b)              Code of Regulations of Applied Industrial
                  Technologies, Inc., as amended on October 19, 1999
                  (filed as Exhibit 3(b) to Applied's Form 10-Q for
                  the quarter ended September 30, 1999, SEC File No.
                  1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

4(a)              Certificate of Merger of Bearings, Inc. (Ohio) and
                  Bearings, Inc. (Delaware) filed with the Ohio
                  Secretary of State on October 18, 1988, including an
                  Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated September
                  6, 1988 (filed as Exhibit 4(a) to Applied's
                  Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed May 23,
                  1997, Registration No. 333-27801, and incorporated
                  here by reference).

4(b)              $80,000,000 Maximum Aggregate Principal Amount Note
                  Purchase Agreement and Private Shelf Facility dated
                  October 31, 1992 between Applied and The Prudential
                  Insurance Company of America (as amended and
                  restated) (filed as Exhibit 4(b) to Applied's
                  Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed May 23,
                  1997, Registration No. 333-27801, and incorporated
                  here by reference).

4(c)              Amendment to $80,000,000 Maximum Aggregate Principal
                  Amount Note Purchase Agreement and Private Shelf
                  Facility dated October 31, 1992 between Applied and
                  The Prudential Insurance Company of America (filed
                  as Exhibit 4(g) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the
                  quarter ended March 31, 1996, SEC File No. 1-2299,
                  and incorporated here by reference).

4(d)              Private Shelf Agreement dated as of November 27,
                  1996, as amended on January 30, 1998, between
                  Applied and The Prudential Insurance Company of
                  America (filed as Exhibit 4(f) to Applied's Form
                  10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1998, SEC File
                  No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).



<PAGE>   28

4(e)              Amendment dated October 24, 2000 to November 27,
                  1996 Private Shelf Agreement between Applied and The
                  Prudential Insurance Company of America (filed as
                  Exhibit 4(e) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter
                  ended September 30, 2000, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                  incorporated here by reference).

4(f)              $150,000,000 Credit Agreement dated as of November
                  5, 1998 among Applied, KeyBank National Association
                  as Agent, and various financial institutions (filed
                  as Exhibit 4(e) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the
                  quarter ended September 30, 1998, SEC File No.
                  1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

4(g)              Rights Agreement, dated as of February 2, 1998,
                  between Applied and Harris Trust and Savings Bank,
                  as Rights Agent, which includes as Exhibit B thereto
                  the Form of Rights Certificate (filed as Exhibit No.
                  1 to Applied's Registration Statement on Form 8-A
                  filed July 20, 1998, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                  incorporated here by reference).

*10(a)            Form of Amended and Restated Change in Control
                  Agreement between Applied and each of its executive
                  officers (filed as Exhibit 10(b) to Applied's Form
                  10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1998, SEC File
                  No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

*10(b)            A written description of Applied's director
                  compensation program is found in Applied's Proxy
                  Statement dated September 12, 2001, SEC File No.
                  1-2299, on page 14, under the caption "Compensation
                  of Directors," and is incorporated here by
                  reference.

*10(c)            Applied Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-employee
                  Directors (January 1, 1997 Restatement) (filed as
                  Exhibit 10(d) to Applied's Registration Statement on
                  Form S-4 filed May 23, 1997, Registration No.
                  333-27801, and incorporated here by reference).

*10(d)            First Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan for
                  Non-employee Directors (January 1, 1997 Restatement)
                  dated May 1, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 10(d) to
                  Applied's Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,
                  1998, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by
                  reference).


*10(e)            A written description of Applied's Life and
                  Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance for
                  executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(b) to
                  Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December
                  31, 1997, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here
                  by reference).


<PAGE>   29




*10(f)            A written description of Applied's Long-Term
                  Disability Insurance for executive officers (filed
                  as Exhibit 10(c) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the
                  quarter ended December 31, 1997, SEC File No.
                  1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

*10(g)            Form of Director and Officer Indemnification
                  Agreement entered into between Applied and each of
                  its directors and executive officers (filed as
                  Exhibit 10(g) to Applied's Registration Statement on
                  Form S-4 filed May 23, 1997, Registration No.
                  333-27801, and incorporated here by reference).

*10(h)            Applied Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits
                  Plan (July 1, 1997 Restatement) in which 9 executive
                  officers (as well as certain former executive
                  officers) currently participate (filed as Exhibit
                  10(a) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                  September 30, 1997, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                  incorporated here by reference).

*10(i)            First Amendment to Supplemental Executive Retirement
                  Benefits Plan effective as of August 5, 1998 (filed
                  as Exhibit 10(a) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the
                  quarter ended December 31, 1998, SEC File No.
                  1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

*10(j)            Second Amendment to Supplemental Executive
                  Retirement Benefits Plan effective as of October 1,
                  2000 (filed as Exhibit 10(c) to Applied's Form 10-Q
                  for the quarter ended September 30, 2000, SEC File
                  No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

*10(k)            Third Amendment to Supplemental Executive Retirement
                  Benefits Plan effective as of October 1, 2000 (filed
                  as Exhibit 10 to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter
                  ended December 31, 2000, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                  incorporated here by reference).

*10(l)            Applied Deferred Compensation Plan (January 1, 1997
                  Restatement) (filed as Exhibit 10(j) to Applied's
                  Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed May 23,
                  1997, Registration No. 333-27801, and incorporated
                  here by reference).

*10(m)            First Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan dated
                  May 1, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 10(j) to Applied's
                  Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 1998, SEC File
                  No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).


<PAGE>   30




*10(n)            Second Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan
                  effective as of October 1, 2000 (filed as Exhibit
                  10(b) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                  September 30, 2000, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                  incorporated here by reference).

*10(o)            Third Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan
                  effective as of January 16, 2001 (filed as Exhibit
                  10(b) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                  March 31, 2001, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                  incorporated here by reference).

*10(p)            1997 Long-Term Performance Plan adopted by
                  Shareholders on October 21, 1997 (filed as Exhibit
                  10(a) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                  December 31, 1997, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                  incorporated here by reference).

*10(q)            A written description of Applied's Management
                  Incentive Plan applicable to executive officers,
                  including the five most highly compensated executive
                  officers, is found in Applied's Proxy Statement
                  dated September 12, 2001, SEC File No. 1-2299, on
                  page 11, in the Report of the Executive Organization
                  & Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
                  on Executive Compensation, under the subcaption
                  "Management Incentive Plan," and is incorporated
                  here by reference.

*10(r)            Applied Supplemental Defined Contribution Plan
                  (January 1, 1997 Restatement) (filed as Exhibit
                  10(m) to Applied's Registration Statement on Form
                  S-4 filed May 23, 1997, Registration No. 333-27801,
                  and incorporated here by reference).

*10(s)            First Amendment to Applied Supplemental Defined
                  Contribution Plan effective as of October 1, 2000
                  (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to Applied's Form 10-Q for
                  the quarter ended September 30, 2000, SEC File No.
                  1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

*10(t)            Second Amendment to Applied Supplemental Defined
                  Contribution Plan effective as of January 16, 2001
                  (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to Applied's Form 10-Q for
                  the quarter ended March 31, 2001, SEC File No.
                  1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

*10(u)            Retention Award Program for James T. Hopper, Vice
                  President-Chief Information Officer, dated March 30,
                  2000 (filed as Exhibit 10(o) to Applied's Form 10-K
                  for the year ended June 30, 2000, SEC File No.
                  1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).



<PAGE>   31

 10(v)            Lease dated as of March 1, 1996 between Applied and
                  the Cleveland-Cuyahoga County Port Authority (filed
                  as Exhibit 10(n) to Applied's Registration Statement
                  on Form S-4 filed May 23, 1997, Registration No.
                  333-27801, and incorporated here by reference).

*10(w)            Consulting, Non-competition and Confidentiality
                  Agreement among Applied, Oak Grove Consulting Group,
                  Inc., and J. Michael Moore dated July 31, 1997
                  (filed as Exhibit 10(c) to Applied's Form 10-Q for
                  the quarter ended September 30, 1997, SEC File No.
                  1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

*10(x)            Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Agreement
                  between Applied and J. Michael Moore effective as of
                  December 31, 1997 (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to
                  Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
                  1998, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by
                  reference).

 13               Applied 2001 Annual Report to shareholders (not
                  deemed "filed" as part of this Form 10-K except for
                  those portions that are expressly incorporated by
                  reference).

                                                                       Attached

 21               Applied's subsidiaries at June 30, 2001.             Attached

 23               Independent Auditors' Consent.                       Attached

 24               Powers of Attorney.                                  Attached


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
