<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>l83927ae10-k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES  FORM 10-K405
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                     For the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2000

                           Commission File No. 1-2299

                      APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                OHIO                                       34-0117420
   -------------------------------                         -------------
   (State or other jurisdiction of                         (I.R.S. Employer
   incorporation or organization)                          Identification No.)

                    One Applied Plaza, Cleveland, Ohio 44115
                -------------------------------------------------
               (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (216) 426-4000.

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

         Title of each class              Name of exchange on which registered
         -------------------              ------------------------------------

       Common Stock, without par value           New York Stock Exchange
       Preferred Stock Purchase Rights

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No __

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X]


<PAGE>   2

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by
non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was sold as of the close of business on August 28, 2000:
$297,515,611.

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of
common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

                 Class                          Outstanding at August 28, 2000
                 -----                          ------------------------------

     Common Stock, without par value                    19,812,784


                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Listed hereunder are the documents, portions of which are incorporated by
reference, and the Parts of this Form 10-K into which such portions are
incorporated:

                  (1) Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. Annual Report to
                  shareholders for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2000, portions
                  of which are incorporated by reference into Parts I, II and IV
                  of this Form 10-K; and,

                  (2) Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. Proxy Statement
                  dated September 12, 2000, portions of which are incorporated
                  by reference into Parts III and IV of this Form 10-K.

                                       1

<PAGE>   3







                              CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
                              --------------------
                 UNDER PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT
                 ----------------------------------------------



         THIS REPORT, INCLUDING THE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE,
CONTAINS STATEMENTS THAT ARE FORWARD-LOOKING, BASED ON MANAGEMENT'S CURRENT
EXPECTATIONS ABOUT THE FUTURE. APPLIED INTENDS THAT THE FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS BE SUBJECT TO THE SAFE HARBORS ESTABLISHED IN THE PRIVATE SECURITIES
LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 OR BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IN
ITS RULES, REGULATIONS AND RELEASES. ALL FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE BASED ON
CURRENT EXPECTATIONS REGARDING IMPORTANT RISK FACTORS. ACCORDINGLY, ACTUAL
RESULTS MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE EXPRESSED IN THE FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS, AND THE MAKING OF THOSE STATEMENTS SHOULD NOT BE REGARDED AS A
REPRESENTATION BY APPLIED OR ANY OTHER PERSON THAT THE RESULTS EXPRESSED IN THE
STATEMENTS WILL BE ACHIEVED. IN ADDITION, APPLIED ASSUMES NO OBLIGATION PUBLICLY
TO UPDATE OR REVISE ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS, WHETHER BECAUSE OF NEW
INFORMATION OR EVENTS, OR OTHERWISE.

         APPLIED BELIEVES ITS PRIMARY RISK FACTORS INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED
TO, THOSE IDENTIFIED IN "NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS," BELOW, AND THE
FOLLOWING: CHANGES IN THE ECONOMY OR IN SPECIFIC CUSTOMER INDUSTRY SECTORS;
CHANGES IN CUSTOMER PROCUREMENT POLICIES AND PRACTICES; CHANGES IN PRODUCT
MANUFACTURER SALES POLICIES AND PRACTICES; THE AVAILABILITY OF PRODUCTS AND
LABOR; CHANGES IN OPERATING EXPENSES; THE EFFECT OF PRICE INCREASES OR
DECREASES; CURRENCY EXCHANGE FLUCTUATIONS; THE VARIABILITY AND TIMING OF
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES INCLUDING ACQUISITIONS, ALLIANCES, CUSTOMER AGREEMENTS,
AND SUPPLIER AUTHORIZATIONS; OUR ABILITY TO REALIZE THE ANTICIPATED BENEFITS OF
ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER BUSINESS STRATEGIES, INCLUDING ELECTRONIC COMMERCE
INITIATIVES; THE INCURRENCE OF ADDITIONAL DEBT AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES IN
CONNECTION WITH ACQUISITIONS; CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES; THE
EFFECT OF ORGANIZATIONAL CHANGES WITHIN THE COMPANY; THE EMERGENCE OF NEW
COMPETITORS, INCLUDING FIRMS WITH GREATER FINANCIAL RESOURCES THAN WE HAVE;
ADVERSE RESULTS IN SIGNIFICANT LITIGATION MATTERS; ADVERSE REGULATION AND
LEGISLATION; AND THE OCCURRENCE OF EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS (INCLUDING PROLONGED
LABOR DISPUTES, NATURAL EVENTS AND ACTS OF GOD, FIRES, FLOODS, AND ACCIDENTS).


                                      2
<PAGE>   4



                                     PART I.
                                     -------

                                ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
                                        ---------

         In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, "Applied" refers to Applied
Industrial Technologies, Inc. References to "we," "us," "our," and "the company"
refer to Applied and its subsidiaries.

         Applied, directly and through its operating subsidiaries, distributes
industrial, fluid power, and fabricated rubber products, and engineered systems.
In addition, we perform rubber and fluid power shop services, as well as
engineering, design, and fabrication services relating to electrical, gearing,
and material handling systems. We offer technical application support for our
products and provide creative solutions to help customers minimize downtime and
reduce overall procurement and maintenance costs. Although we do not generally
manufacture the products we sell, we do assemble and repair certain products and
systems. We distribute our products to a wide variety of customers primarily in
the United States (including Puerto Rico) and Canada.

         Applied and its predecessor companies have been engaged in this
business since 1923. Applied was incorporated in Delaware in 1928 and
reincorporated in Ohio in 1988. Formerly known as Bearings, Inc., Applied
adopted its current name as of January 1, 1997.

         (a) General Development of Business.
             --------------------------------

         In June 2000, we acquired from Dynavest Corporation of Saskatoon,
Saskatchewan, the following industrial distribution businesses operating in
western Canada: Bearing & Transmission, with 21 bearing and power transmission
service centers and three rubber fabrication centers (operating as B&T Rubber);
HyPower, with 15 fluid power service centers; and, All Agro Parts, specializing
in components for agricultural markets, with three service centers. In calendar
1999, these businesses generated sales of approximately US$72 million. The
acquisition brings us our first physical presence outside the United States.

         We acquired Air Draulics Engineering Co., a fluid power distributor
with locations in Tennessee and Arkansas, in September 2000, and Rice Industrial
Supply, Inc., a bearing and power transmission distributor operating in
Minnesota, in December 1999. In addition, we sold certain of our mechanical and
fluid power shops to Offshore Inland Services of Alabama, Inc. in June 2000;
concurrent with the sale, we entered into an alliance to supply components, and
subcontract mechanical shop services, to Offshore Inland.

         In January 2000, we launched our Maintenance America(R) catalog,
containing information on more than 18,000 products used by maintenance
professionals. Products featured in the catalog include adhesives, lubricants,
cleaners, degreasers, hand and power tools, safety equipment, industrial hose
and fittings, power transmission components, pneumatic products, and general
industrial supplies.

                                       3
<PAGE>   5

         John C. Dannemiller, Applied's Chairman since 1992 and Chief Executive
Officer from 1992 to January 2000, announced his retirement as an executive
officer and member of the Board of Directors effective following the annual
meeting of shareholders in October 2000. He has served on the Board since 1985.
Upon Mr. Dannemiller's retirement, David L. Pugh, Applied's President & Chief
Executive Officer, will be elected Chairman of the Board of Directors.

         Further information regarding developments in our business can be found
in our 2000 Annual Report to shareholders under the caption "Management's
Discussion and Analysis" on pages 10 through 12, which is incorporated here by
reference.

         (b) Financial Information about Segments.
             -------------------------------------

         We consider our business to involve only one reportable business
segment, service center-based distribution. This business provides customers
with solutions to their maintenance, repair, and original equipment
manufacturing needs by distributing, through our service center network,
bearings, power transmission components and systems, fluid power components,
fabricated rubber products, linear motion products, general maintenance
products, and related specialty items. We also offer technical product
application support and provide creative solutions to help customers minimize
downtime and reduce overall procurement costs.

         In addition to the service center-based distribution business, we
operate several smaller businesses that primarily sell their products and
services directly to customers rather than through the service centers. These
businesses include specialized fluid power businesses, and certain electrical
and fabricated rubber service operations.

         Financial information on the service center-based distribution segment
and our other businesses can be found in the 2000 Annual Report to shareholders
in note 10 to the financial statements on pages 23 and 24, and that information
is incorporated here by reference.

         (c) Narrative Description of Business.
             ----------------------------------

         Overview. Our service centers, located in 47 states, five Canadian
provinces, and Puerto Rico, serve as the company's primary business channel. The
products and services marketed through the service centers involve varying
levels of complexity, technical skill, and support. As noted in "Financial
Information about Segments," above, we also operate other businesses that sell
products and services directly to customers rather than through the service
centers. These businesses include specialized fluid power operations, and
certain electrical and fabricated rubber service operations.

         In February 2000, we announced a new operating structure focused on the
company's two major product platforms - industrial products and fluid power
products. The new structure divides our domestic field operations into two
primary business units:

                                       4
<PAGE>   6

         -  Industrial Products Unit. This unit includes all of the company's U.
            S. service centers, through which we distribute bearings, power
            transmission components and systems, fluid power components,
            fabricated rubber products, linear motion products, and general
            maintenance and specialty items, primarily for maintenance and
            repair applications. In addition, the Industrial Products Unit
            includes the company's regional fabricated rubber shops, which
            modify and repair conveyor belts and provide hose assemblies in
            accordance with customer requirements, and field crews that perform
            belt and rubber lining installation and repair services at customer
            locations. This business unit accounts for the bulk of our field
            operations and sales dollars.

         -  Fluid Power Unit. This unit includes our specialized fluid power
            businesses, which market their products and services directly to
            customers rather than through the service center network. In
            addition to offering component distribution services to customers,
            the fluid power businesses operate shops that assemble fluid power
            systems and components and offer technical advice to customers.
            Customers include businesses purchasing for maintenance and repair
            applications, as well as for original equipment manufacturing
            applications. The Fluid Power Unit operates in various geographic
            areas throughout the United States under the following names: Air
            and Hydraulics Engineering (Southeast), Air Draulics Engineering
            (Tennessee and Arkansas), Dees Fluid Power (Mid-Atlantic and
            Northeast), Elect-Air (California and Arizona), Engineered Sales
            (Midwest), ESI Power Hydraulics (Illinois and Wisconsin), Fornaciari
            (California and Arizona), and Kent Fluid Power (Washington).

         In addition to our primary business units, we operate other businesses
within separate organizational structures. Among these businesses are the
following:

         -  Our newly acquired Canadian distribution businesses - Bearing &
            Transmission, HyPower, and All Agro Parts - which operate service
            center and shop facilities in five western Canadian provinces.

         -  The Engineered Systems and Automation Division (ESA), which offers
            electrical and mechanical design, fabrication, installation, and
            support services.

         Products. We sell the following products, which are generally
manufactured by other companies for whom we serve as a non-exclusive
distributor:

         -  Industrial products, including ball, roller, mounted, and plane
            bearings, power transmission components, fluid power components,
            linear motion products, and general maintenance and specialty items
            such as seals, sealants, fluid sealing, "O" rings, retaining rings,
            adhesives, lubricants, maintenance tools and equipment, and safety
            and cleaning products.

         -  Engineered systems, including power transmission and electrical
            systems.


                                       5
<PAGE>   7
         -  Fluid power systems, including hydraulic and pneumatic systems.

         -  Fabricated rubber products, including conveyor belting and
            industrial hose.

         In addition to providing us a wide variety of products, our supplier
relationships offer access to technical product training and sales and marketing
support. We believe that these relationships are generally good and that we can
continue to represent these companies as a distributor. The loss of certain
suppliers could have an adverse effect on our business.

         Our net sales by product category for the past three fiscal years is as
follows:

                                Fiscal 2000       Fiscal 1999      Fiscal 1998
                                -----------       -----------      -----------

         Industrial              $1,100,135        $1,073,924       $1,078,507
         Engineered Systems         239,165           233,407          229,984
         Fluid Power                161,863           146,828          112,718
         Fabricated Rubber           70,542            73,769           70,196

         Services. Our service center associates advise and assist customers
with respect to product selection and application. We consider this advice and
assistance to be an integral part of our sales efforts. Beyond acting as a mere
distributor, we market the company as an applied technology supplier, offering
product and process solutions involving multiple technologies. These solutions
reduce production downtime and overall procurement and maintenance costs for
customers. By providing high levels of service, product and industry expertise,
and technical support, while at the same time offering competitive pricing, we
believe we will continue to develop closer, longer-lasting, and more profitable
customer relationships.

         Our sales associates consist of customer service representatives and
field account managers assigned to each service center, as well as product and
industry specialists. Customer service representatives receive, process, and
expedite customer orders, provide product and pricing information, and assist
field account managers in serving customers. Field account managers make on-site
calls to current and potential customers to provide product and price
information, identify customer requirements and provide recommendations, and
assist in implementing equipment maintenance and storeroom management programs.
Using our proprietary Documented Value Added(R) software program, account
managers can measure and document the value to the customer, through cost
savings and/or increased productivity, of our services and recommendations.
Product and industry specialists assist with applications in their areas of
technical expertise. We also have technical call centers for specific product
technologies, staffed by skilled technicians who provide consulting and training
services.

         We maintain inventory levels at each service center that are tailored
to meet customers' immediate needs. These inventories consist of standard items
stocked at most service centers as well as other items related to customers'
needs in the particular locale. We also maintain back-up

                                       6
<PAGE>   8
inventory in nine regional distribution centers. The inventory maintained at our
facilities allows customers to minimize their own inventories of industrial
products.

         In addition to product distribution-related services, we offer various
shop services to customers. Our regional fabricated rubber shops modify and
repair conveyor belts and provide hose assemblies (also available at select
service centers) in accordance with customer requirements. Rubber service field
crews perform belt and rubber lining installation and repair services at
customer locations in certain geographic areas. And through our Offshore Inland
alliance, we offer mechanical shop services, including the rebuilding and
assembly of speed reducers, pumps, valves, cylinders, and hydraulic motors, and
custom machining.

         Timely delivery of products to customers is an integral part of our
service. Service centers and distribution centers use the most effective method
of transportation available to meet customer needs, including both surface and
air common carrier and courier services. We also maintain a fleet of vehicles to
deliver products to customers. These transportation services and delivery
vehicles also move products between suppliers, distribution centers, and service
centers to assure availability of merchandise for customer needs.

         Our inventory and sales information systems enhance our ability to
serve customers. The point-of-sale OMNEX(R) computer system, on which the
domestic service centers operate, gives each service center on-line access to
inventory and sales information. The system permits direct access for order
entry, pricing, order expediting, and back order review. Our systems also
support electronic data interchange (EDI) and electronic funds transfer (EFT)
with participating customers and suppliers. AppliedAccess(R), launched in June
1999, is an Internet site providing customers a convenient method to search for
products in our vast electronic catalog, view prices, check inventory levels,
place orders, and track order status.

         The Fluid Power Unit businesses operate independently of the service
centers, but as product distributors, share the same focus on customer service.
Product and application recommendations, inventory availability, and delivery
speed are all key to the fluid power businesses' success. The businesses
distinguish themselves, though, from most component distributors by also
offering fluid power engineering, design, fabrication, and installation
services. Each business has product specialists with extensive technical
knowledge, who handle sophisticated projects for customers primarily within the
business' geographic region.

         Our operations contrast sharply with those of our product manufacturers
as the manufacturers generally confine their direct sales activities to
large-volume transactions with original equipment manufacturers, which
incorporate the components purchased into the products they make. The
manufacturers generally do not sell replacement components directly to the
customer but instead refer the customer to us or another distributor. There is
no assurance that this practice will continue, however, and any discontinuance
of this practice could have an adverse effect on our business.


                                       7
<PAGE>   9
         Patents, trademarks, and licenses do not have a significant effect on
our business.

         Markets and Methods of Distribution. We purchase from over 2,500
manufacturers of bearings, power transmission components, industrial rubber
products, fluid power products, linear motion products, and general maintenance
and specialty items. We then resell the products to a wide variety of
industries, including agriculture and food processing, automotive, chemical
processing, forest products, industrial machinery and equipment, mining, primary
metals, textiles, transportation, and utilities. Customers range from the
largest industrial concerns in the United States and western Canada to the
smallest. Although we have witnessed ongoing consolidation in certain
industries, we are not significantly dependent on a single customer or group of
customers, the loss of which would have a material adverse effect on our
business as a whole, and no single customer accounts for more than 3% of our net
sales.

         In recent years, there has been a trend among large industrial
customers towards reducing the number of their suppliers of maintenance and
replacement products. We are responding by continuing to broaden our product
offering and by developing new methods for marketing our products. There can be
no guarantee, however, that this trend will not have an adverse effect on our
business.

         Customers have also increasingly demonstrated a desire to order
products through electronic product catalogs and Internet-based procurement
systems. We are responding to this trend by developing avenues, such as the
AppliedAccess(R) website, described above, to accommodate current customers and
reach new customers adopting electronic purchasing methods.

         Certain large customers have, in recent months, turned to e-commerce
software providers and Internet marketplaces to facilitate purchases from
multiple suppliers through one electronic interface. At the outset, it remains
to be seen how successfully the multi-supplier electronic systems can be adapted
to handle procurement of the products and services we sell. Assuming this
nascent market trend continues, though, its long-term effects on our industry
are unclear. We believe that our broad product and services offerings position
us to grow our market share through relationships with selected e-commerce
companies. On the other hand, it is possible that the emerging electronic
procurement models may tend to devalue distributor services such as product
selection and application-specific advice, and to narrow product sales margins.
Accordingly, there is no assurance that increased procurement through
multi-supplier electronic systems will not adversely affect our business.

         Our export business during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2000 and
prior fiscal years was less than 2% of net sales, and is not concentrated in a
specific geographic area.

         Competition. We consider our business to be highly competitive. In
addition, our markets present few economic or technological barriers to entry,
although longstanding supplier and

                                       8
<PAGE>   10
customer relationships may operate as barriers. Competition is based generally
on product and service offerings, product availability, price, and having a
local presence.

         Our principal competitors are other specialized bearing, power
transmission, industrial rubber, fluid power, linear motion, and specialty item
distributors, and, to a lesser extent, mill supply houses. These competitors
include single and multiple facility operations, some of which are divisions or
subsidiaries of larger organizations. A number of these competitors may have
greater financial resources than we do. The trend towards industry consolidation
continues, producing larger multiple facility operations.

         We also compete with the original equipment manufacturers and their
distributors in the sale of maintenance and replacement components. Some of
these manufacturers may have greater financial resources than we do. The
identity and number of competitors vary throughout the geographic areas in which
we conduct business. We continue to develop and implement marketing strategies
to maintain a competitive position.

         We are one of the leading distributors in the United States and western
Canada for the major product categories we carry. Our market share for those
products in any given geographic area may, however, be relatively small compared
to the portion of the market served by original equipment manufacturers and
other distributors.

         Backlog and Seasonality. Because of our extensive product resources and
distribution network, we do not have a substantial backlog of orders, nor are
backlog orders significant at any given time. We do not consider our business to
be seasonal.

         Raw Materials and General Business Conditions. Our operations are
dependent on general industrial activities and economic conditions and would be
adversely affected by the unavailability of raw materials to our suppliers,
prolonged labor disputes experienced by suppliers or customers, or by any
recession or depression that has an adverse effect on American industrial
activity generally or on key customer industries served by us.

         Number of Employees. On June 30, 2000, we had 4,847 employees
(including 392 employees that joined the company with our Canadian acquisition).
We consider our relationship with our employees to be generally favorable.

         Working Capital. Our working capital position is disclosed in the
financial statements referred to at Item 14 on page 17 of this Report and is
discussed in "Management's Discussion and Analysis" in the 2000 Annual Report to
shareholders on page 11.

         We require substantial working capital related to accounts receivable
and inventories. Significant amounts of inventory are carried to meet rapid
delivery requirements of customers. We generally require all payments for sales
on account within 30 days. Returns are not considered to
                                       9
<PAGE>   11
have a material effect on our working capital requirements. We believe these
practices are consistent with industry practices.

         Environmental Laws. We believe that compliance with federal, state and
local laws regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or
otherwise relating to environmental protection will not have a material adverse
effect on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position.

         (d) Financial Information about Foreign and Domestic Operations and
             ---------------------------------------------------------------
Export Sales.
-------------

         We had no operations outside the United States until we acquired our
Canadian operations from Dynavest Corporation in June 2000. Although the
Canadian operations are included in our consolidated balance sheet as of June
30, 2000, set forth in the 2000 Annual Report to shareholders on page 14, they
will only begin to be included in our consolidated operating results in fiscal
2001. Long-lived assets located outside the United States are not material.

         Our export business during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2000, and
prior fiscal years, was less than 2% of net sales, and is not concentrated in a
specific geographic area.


                               ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.
                                       -----------

         We own or lease the properties in which our offices, service centers,
distribution centers, and shops are located. At June 30, 2000, we owned real
properties at 178 locations and leased 274 locations. Certain locations contain
multiple operations, such as a shop and a distribution center.

         Our principal owned real properties (each of which has more than 20,000
square feet of floor space) at June 30, 2000 were:

         -  the distribution center in Atlanta, Georgia
         -  the distribution center in Florence, Kentucky
         -  the service center in West Monroe, Louisiana
         -  the service center in Omaha, Nebraska
         -  the distribution center in Portland, Oregon
         -  the distribution center in Carlisle, Pennsylvania

         Our principal leased real properties (each of which has more than
20,000 square feet of floor space) at June 30, 2000 were:

         -  the corporate headquarters facility in Cleveland, Ohio
         -  the distribution center, service center, offices, and rubber shop in
            Fontana, California
         -  the service center in Long Beach, California

                                      10
<PAGE>   12
         -  the service center in San Jose, California
         -  the rubber shop in Tracy, California
         -  the distribution center in Denver, Colorado
         -  the rubber shop in Denver, Colorado
         -  the service center in Grand Rapids, Michigan
         -  the service center and fluid power shop in Iron Mountain, Michigan
         -  the service center in Kansas City, Missouri
         -  the distribution center and rubber shop in Fort Worth, Texas
         -  the service center in Longview, Washington
         -  the distribution center, fluid power shop, and rubber shop in
            Longview, Washington
         -  the offices, service center, and rubber shop in Appleton, Wisconsin
         -  the service center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin
         -  the service centers and distribution center in Winnipeg, Manitoba
         -  the offices and fluid power shop in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan

         Except for the Saskatoon fluid power shop, which is used in our HyPower
fluid power business, all of the properties listed above are used in our service
center-based distribution segment.

         We consider our properties generally sufficient to meet our
requirements for office space and inventory stocking. A service center's size is
primarily influenced by the amount of inventory the service center requires to
meet its customers' needs. We use all of our owned and leased properties except
for certain properties (one of which has floor space exceeding 20,000 square
feet), which in the aggregate are not material and are either for sale, lease,
or sublease to third parties due to a relocation or closing. We also may lease
or sublease to others unused portions of buildings.

         In recent years, when opening new locations, we have emphasized leasing
rather than owning real property. We do not consider any of our service center,
distribution center, or shop properties to be material, because we believe that
if it becomes necessary or desirable to relocate one of those operations, other
suitable property could be found.


                       ITEM 3. PENDING LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
                               --------------------------

         Applied and/or one of its subsidiaries is a party to various litigation
matters incidental to our business. Based on circumstances currently known we do
not believe these cases will have a material adverse effect on our financial
position or results of operations.


          ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
                  ----------------------------------------------------

         No matters were submitted to a vote of Applied's security holders
during the last quarter of fiscal 2000.

                                       11
<PAGE>   13


                      EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.
                      -------------------------------------

         Applied's executive officers are elected by the Board of Directors for
a term of one year, or until their successors are chosen and qualified, at the
Board's organizational meeting held immediately following the annual meeting of
shareholders. The following is a list of the executive officers and a
description of their business experience during the past five years. Except as
otherwise stated, the positions and offices indicated are with Applied, and the
persons were elected to their current positions on October 19, 1999:

                  John C. Dannemiller. Mr. Dannemiller is Chairman (since 1992)
         and has served as a member of the Board of Directors since 1985. He was
         also Chief Executive Officer (from 1992 to January 2000) and President
         (from October 1996 to January 1999). He is 62 years of age.

                  David L. Pugh. Mr. Pugh was elected President & Chief
         Executive Officer in January 2000. He was also elected to Applied's
         Board at that time. Mr. Pugh had served as President & Chief Operating
         Officer since January 1999. Prior to joining Applied, he was Senior
         Vice President of the Industrial Control Group (from February 1996 to
         June 1998) of Rockwell Automation, a division of Rockwell International
         Corporation. In that position, he was responsible for a global
         manufacturing operation encompassing three business groups, 5,000
         employees, and 13 operating locations. He was also Rockwell
         Automation's Senior Vice President of Global Operations (from 1994 to
         February 1996). He is 51 years of age.

                  Todd A. Barlett. Mr. Barlett is Vice President-Alliance
         Systems (since August 1999). He was Vice President-National Accounts &
         Alliance Systems (from August 1998 to August 1999) and Vice
         President-Southeast Area (from January 1995 to August 1998). He is 45
         years of age.

                  Donald L. Chargin. Mr. Chargin is Vice President-Unit
         President, Industrial Products (since January 2000). He had served as
         Vice President-Sales and Field Operations (from August 1998 to January
         2000) and Vice President-Western Area (from January 1995 to August
         1998). He is 45 years of age.

                  Mark O. Eisele. Mr. Eisele is Vice President & Controller
         (since October 1997). He was Controller (from 1992 to October 1997). He
         is 43 years of age.

                  James T. Hopper. Mr. Hopper is Vice President-Chief
         Information Officer (since January 2000). He had served as Vice
         President-Information Systems (since January 1995). He is 57 years of
         age.

                  Justin M. Jacobi. Mr. Jacobi is Vice President-Unit President,
         Fluid Power Products (since January 2000). He was Vice
         President-Marketing & Strategic Planning (from August 1998 to January
         2000), Vice President-Field Operations (from March 1998 to August
         1998),

                                       12
<PAGE>   14

         Vice President-Northeast Area (from January 1997 to March 1998), and
         Marketing Director for Bearing Products (from 1994 to January 1997). He
         is 40 years of age.

                  Bill L. Purser. Mr. Purser is Vice President-Chief Marketing
         Officer (since February 1999). Prior to that he was Vice
         President-Marketing & National Accounts (from July 1996 to February
         1999) and Vice President-National Accounts (from January 1995 to July
         1996). He is 57 years of age.

                  Jeffrey A. Ramras. Mr. Ramras is Vice President-Supply Chain
         Management (since January 2000). He had served as Vice
         President-Logistics (from January 1995 to January 2000). He is 45 years
         of age.

                  Richard C. Shaw. Mr. Shaw is Vice President-Communications and
         Learning (since January 2000). He had served as Vice
         President-Communications, Organizational Learning & Quality Standards
         (from July 1996 to January 2000) and Vice President-Communications &
         Public Relations (from 1993 to July 1996). He is 51 years of age.

                  Robert C. Stinson. Mr. Stinson is Vice President-Chief
         Administrative Officer, General Counsel & Secretary (since October
         1997). He was Vice President-Administration, Human Resources, General
         Counsel & Secretary (from 1994 to October 1997). He is 54 years of age.

                  John R. Whitten. Mr. Whitten is Vice President-Chief Financial
         Officer & Treasurer (since October 1997). He was Vice President-Finance
         & Treasurer (from 1992 to October 1997). He is 54 years of age.


                                    PART II.
                                    --------

         ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
                 -------------------------------------------------
                            STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.
                            --------------------

         Applied's Common Stock, without par value, is listed for trading on the
New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol AIT. Prior to July 3, 2000, it
traded under the symbol APZ. The information concerning the principal market for
Applied's Common Stock, the quarterly stock prices and dividends for the fiscal
years ended June 30, 2000 and 1999 and the number of shareholders of record as
of August 17, 2000 is set forth in the 2000 Annual Report to shareholders on
page 27, under the caption "Quarterly Operating Results and Market Data," and
that information is incorporated here by reference.


                                       13


<PAGE>   15


                        ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.
                                ------------------------

         The summary of selected financial data for the last five years is set
forth in the 2000 Annual Report to shareholders in the table on pages 28 and 29
under the caption "10 Year Summary" and is incorporated here by reference.


         ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
                 -------------------------------------------------
                        CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
                        ------------------------------------

         "Management's Discussion and Analysis" is set forth in the 2000 Annual
Report to shareholders on pages 10 through 12 and is incorporated here by
reference.


             ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
                      ----------------------------------------
                                ABOUT MARKET RISK.
                                ------------------

                We have evaluated the company's exposure to various market risk
factors, including but not limited to interest rate, foreign currency exchange,
and commodity price risks. At June 30, 2000, there was no material market risk
related to foreign currency translation that would impact our financial
position. We do not currently utilize derivative financial instruments to hedge
against changes in any market risk factors.

         The company is affected by market risk exposure primarily through the
effect of changes in interest rates on amounts payable under our committed
revolving credit agreement. Borrowings under this agreement totaled $33.6
million at June 30, 2000. A 1% increase or decrease in interest rates under this
agreement would not have a material impact on our operations, financial
position, or cash flows.

         For further information relating to borrowing and interest rates, see
the Capital Resources section of "Management's Discussion and Analysis" and Note
5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Applied's 2000 Annual Report to
shareholders on pages 11 and 19, respectively, which information is incorporated
here by reference.


         ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
                 --------------------------------------------

         The following consolidated financial statements and supplementary data
of Applied and its subsidiaries and the independent auditors' report listed
below, which are included in the 2000 Annual Report to shareholders at the pages
indicated, are incorporated here by reference and filed with this Report:



                                       14
<PAGE>   16

                  Caption                                               Page No.
                  -------                                               --------

         Financial Statements:

                  Statements of Consolidated                               13
                  Income for the Years Ended
                  June 30, 2000, 1999, and 1998

                  Consolidated Balance Sheets                              14
                  June 30, 2000 and 1999

                  Statements of Consolidated                               15
                  Cash Flows for the Years Ended
                  June 30, 2000, 1999, and 1998

                  Statements of Consolidated                               16
                  Shareholders' Equity for the
                  Years Ended June 30, 2000,
                  1999, and 1998

                  Notes to Consolidated                                  17 - 24
                  Financial Statements for the
                  Years Ended June 30, 2000, 1999, and 1998


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                                                         <C>
         Independent Auditors' Report                                                       25

         Supplementary Data:

                  Quarterly Operating Results and                                           27
                  Market Data
</TABLE>

              ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
                      ---------------------------------------------
                     ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.
                     ---------------------------------------

                                 Not applicable.

                                    PART III.
                                    ---------

         ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.
                  ---------------------------------------------------

         The information required by this Item as to Applied's directors is set
forth in Applied's Proxy Statement dated September 12, 2000 on pages 4 through 6
under the caption "Election of


                                       15

<PAGE>   17
Directors" and is incorporated here by reference. The information required by
this Item as to Applied's executive officers has been furnished in this Report
on pages 12 and 13 in Part I, after Item 4, under the caption "Executive
Officers of the Registrant." The information required by this Item as to
compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is set
forth in Applied's Proxy Statement on page 18 under the caption "Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" and is incorporated here by
reference.

                        ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.
                                 -----------------------

         The information required by this Item is set forth in Applied's Proxy
Statement dated September 12, 2000, under the captions "Summary Compensation" on
page 8, "Option Grants in Last Fiscal Year" and "Aggregate Option Exercises and
Fiscal Year-End Option Value Table" on page 9, "Estimated Retirement Benefits
Under Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits Plan" on page 10, "Compensation
of Directors," "Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-employee Directors,"
"Deferred Compensation Plan," and "Employment Agreement" on pages 14 and 15, and
"Change in Control Agreements and Other Related Arrangements" on page 16, and is
incorporated here by reference.

                ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
                         ----------------------------------------
                             OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.
                             ----------------------

         Information concerning the security ownership of certain beneficial
owners and management is set forth under the caption "Beneficial Ownership of
Certain Applied Shareholders and Management" on page 7 of Applied's Proxy
Statement dated September 12, 2000, and is incorporated here by reference.


            ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.
                     -----------------------------------------------

         Information concerning certain relationships and related transactions
is set forth under the caption "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions"
on page 14 of Applied's Proxy Statement dated September 12, 2000 and is
incorporated here by reference.



                                       16
<PAGE>   18
                                    PART IV.
                                    --------

          ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT
                   ---------------------------------------------------
                       SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.
                       ----------------------------------

(a)1.    Financial Statements.
         ---------------------

         The following consolidated financial statements, notes thereto, the
independent auditors' report, and supplemental data are included in the 2000
Annual Report to shareholders on pages 13 through 25 and page 27, and are
incorporated by reference in Item 8 of this Report.

                                    Caption
                                    -------

                  Statements of Consolidated Income for the
                  Years Ended June 30, 2000, 1999, and 1998

                  Consolidated Balance Sheets
                  June 30, 2000 and 1999

                  Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows for
                  the Years Ended June 30, 2000, 1999, and 1998

                  Statements of Consolidated Shareholders'
                  Equity for the Years Ended June 30, 2000,
                  1999, and 1998

                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                  for the Years Ended June 30, 2000, 1999, and 1998

                  Independent Auditors' Report

                  Supplementary Data:
                  Quarterly Operating Results and Market Data


(a)2.    Financial Statement Schedule.
         -----------------------------

         The following report and schedule are included in this Part IV, and are
found in this Report at the pages indicated:

                           Caption                            Page No.
                           -------                            --------

                  Independent Auditors' Report                   23




                                       17
<PAGE>   19
                  Schedule II - Valuation and                    24
                  Qualifying Accounts

         All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable
accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission have been
omitted because they are not required under the related instructions, are not
applicable, or the required information is included in the consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto.

(a)3.    Exhibits.
         ---------

                  * Asterisk indicates an executive compensation plan or
                    arrangement.

                  Exhibit
                  No.                         Description
                  ---                         -----------

                  3(a)     Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of
                           Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., as amended on
                           October 8, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 3(a) to Applied's
                           Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1998,
                           SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by
                           reference).

                  3(b)     Code of Regulations of Applied Industrial
                           Technologies, Inc., as amended on October 19, 1999
                           (filed as Exhibit 3(b) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the
                           quarter ended September 30, 1999, SEC File No.
                           1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

                  4(a)     Certificate of Merger of Bearings, Inc. (Ohio) and
                           Bearings, Inc. (Delaware) filed with the Ohio
                           Secretary of State on October 18, 1988, including an
                           Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated September
                           6, 1988 (filed as Exhibit 4(a) to Applied's
                           Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed May 23,
                           1997, Registration No. 333-27801, and incorporated
                           here by reference).

                  4(b)     $80,000,000 Maximum Aggregate Principal Amount Note
                           Purchase Agreement and Private Shelf Facility dated
                           October 31, 1992 between Applied and The Prudential
                           Insurance Company of America (as amended and
                           restated) (filed as Exhibit 4(b) to Applied's
                           Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed May 23,
                           1997, Registration No. 333-27801, and incorporated
                           here by reference).

                  4(c)     Amendment to $80,000,000 Maximum Aggregate Principal
                           Amount Note Purchase Agreement and Private Shelf
                           Facility dated October

                                       18
<PAGE>   20
                           31, 1992 between Applied and The Prudential Insurance
                           Company of America (filed as Exhibit 4(g) to
                           Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
                           1996, SEC file No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by
                           reference).

                  4(d)     $50,000,000 Private Shelf Agreement dated as of
                           November 27, 1996, as amended on January 30, 1998,
                           between Applied and The Prudential Insurance Company
                           of America (filed as Exhibit 4(f) to Applied's Form
                           10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1998, SEC File
                           No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

                  4(e)     $150,000,000 Credit Agreement dated as of November 5,
                           1998 among Applied, KeyBank National Association as
                           Agent, and various financial institutions (filed as
                           Exhibit 4(e) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter
                           ended September 30, 1998, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                           incorporated here by reference).

                  4(f)     Rights Agreement, dated as of February 2, 1998,
                           between Applied and Harris Trust and Savings Bank, as
                           Rights Agent, which includes as Exhibit B thereto the
                           Form of Rights Certificate (filed as Exhibit No. 1 to
                           Applied's Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed
                           July 20, 1998, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated
                           here by reference).

                  *10(a)   Form of Amended and Restated Change in Control
                           Agreement between Applied and each of its executive
                           officers (filed as Exhibit 10(b) to Applied's Form
                           10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1998, SEC File
                           No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(b)   A written description of Applied's director
                           compensation program is found in Applied's Proxy
                           Statement dated September 12, 2000, SEC
                           File No. 1-2299, on page 14, under the caption
                           "Compensation of Directors," and is incorporated here
                           by reference.

                  *10(c)   Applied Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-employee
                           Directors (January 1, 1997 Restatement) (filed as
                           Exhibit 10(d) to Applied's Registration Statement on
                           Form S-4 filed May 23, 1997, Registration No.
                           333-27801, and incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(d)   First Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan for
                           Non-employee Directors (January 1, 1997 Restatement)
                           dated May 1, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 10(d) to
                           Applied's Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 1998,
                           SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by
                           reference).



                                       19
<PAGE>   21
                  *10(e)   A written description of Applied's Life and
                           Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance for
                           executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(b) to
                           Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December
                           31, 1997, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here
                           by reference).

                  *10(f)   A written description of Applied's Long-Term
                           Disability Insurance for executive officers (filed as
                           Exhibit 10(c) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter
                           ended December 31, 1997, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                           incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(g)   Form of Director and Officer Indemnification
                           Agreement entered into between Applied and each of
                           its directors and executive officers (filed as
                           Exhibit 10(g) to Applied's Registration Statement on
                           Form S-4 filed May 23, 1997, Registration No.
                           333-27801, and incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(h)   Applied Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits
                           Plan (July 1, 1997 Restatement) in which 11 Applied
                           executive officers (as well as certain former
                           executive officers) currently participate (filed as
                           Exhibit 10(a) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter
                           ended September 30, 1997, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                           incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(i)   First Amendment to Supplemental Executive Retirement
                           Benefits Plan effective as of August 5, 1998 (filed
                           as Exhibit 10(a) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the
                           quarter ended December 31, 1998, SEC File No. 1-2299,
                           and incorporated hereby reference).

                  *10(j)   Applied Deferred Compensation Plan (January 1, 1997
                           Restatement) (filed as Exhibit 10(j) to Applied's
                           Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed May 23,
                           1997, Registration No. 333-27801, and incorporated
                           here by reference).

                  *10(k)   First Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan
                           (January 1, 1997 Restatement) dated May 1, 1998
                           (filed as Exhibit 10(j) to Applied's Form 10-K for
                           the year ended June 30, 1998, SEC File No. 1-2299,
                           and incorporated hereby reference).

                  *10(l)   1997 Long-Term Performance Plan adopted by
                           Shareholders on October 21, 1997 (filed as Exhibit
                           10(a) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                           December 31, 1997, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                           incorporated here by reference).



                                       20
<PAGE>   22
                  *10(m)   A written description of Applied's Management
                           Incentive Plan applicable to key executives,
                           including the five most highly compensated executive
                           officers, is found in Applied's Proxy Statement dated
                           September 12, 2000, SEC File No. 1-2299, on page 11,
                           in the Report of the Executive Organization &
                           Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors on
                           Executive Compensation, under the subcaption
                           "Management Incentive Plan," and is incorporated here
                           by reference.

                  *10(n)   Employment Agreement between Applied and David L.
                           Pugh dated December 21, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 10(b)
                           to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December
                           31, 1998, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here
                           by reference).

                  *10(o)   Retention Award Program for James T. Hopper, Vice
                           President-Chief Information Officer, dated March 30,
                           2000.

                  *10(p)   Applied Supplemental Defined Contribution Plan
                           (January 1, 1997 Restatement) (filed as Exhibit 10(m)
                           to Applied's Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed
                           May 23, 1997, Registration No. 333-27801, and
                           incorporated here by reference).

                  10(q)    Lease dated as of March 1, 1996 between Applied and
                           the Cleveland-Cuyahoga County Port Authority (filed
                           as Exhibit 10(n) to Applied's Registration Statement
                           on Form S-4 filed May 23, 1997, Registration No.
                           333-27801, and incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(r)   Consulting, Non-competition and Confidentiality
                           Agreement among Applied, Oak Grove Consulting Group,
                           Inc., and J. Michael Moore dated July 31, 1997 (filed
                           as Exhibit 10(c) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the
                           quarter ended September 30, 1997, SEC File No.
                           1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

                  *10(s)   Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Agreement between
                           Applied and J. Michael Moore effective as of December
                           31, 1997 (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to Applied's Form
                           10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1998, SEC File
                           No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).

                  13       Applied 2000 Annual Report to shareholders (not
                           deemed "filed" as part of this Form 10-K except for
                           those portions that are expressly incorporated by
                           reference).


                                      21
<PAGE>   23
                  21       Applied's subsidiaries at June 30, 2000.

                  23       Independent Auditors' Consent.

                  27       Financial Data Schedule.

         Applied will furnish a copy of any exhibit described above and not
contained herein upon payment of a specified reasonable fee which shall be
limited to Applied's reasonable expenses in furnishing the exhibit.

(b)      Reports on Form 8-K.
         --------------------

         None during the quarter ended June 30, 2000.


                                       22
<PAGE>   24



                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


Shareholders and Board of Directors
Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.

         We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of Applied Industrial
Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2000 and
1999, and the related statements of consolidated income, shareholders' equity,
and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended June 30,
2000 and have issued our report thereon dated August 8, 2000; such consolidated
financial statements and report are included in your 2000 Annual Report to
shareholders and are incorporated herein by reference. Our audits also included
the consolidated financial statement schedule of the Company, listed in Item
14(a)2. This consolidated financial statement schedule is the responsibility of
the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on
our audits. In our opinion, such consolidated financial statement schedule, when
considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a
whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth
therein.


/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP


Cleveland, Ohio
August 8, 2000

                                      23
<PAGE>   25

              APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. & SUBSIDIARIES
              ----------------------------------------------------

                        VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2000, 1999 AND 1998
                                 (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                     COLUMN A            COLUMN B                    COLUMN C                      COLUMN D            COLUMN E
                     --------            --------     -----------------------------------------    --------            --------


                                                         ADDITIONS             ADDITIONS
                                        BALANCE AT      CHARGED TO            CHARGED TO          DEDUCTIONS            BALANCE
                                         BEGINNING       COSTS AND               OTHER               FROM              AT END OF
                    DESCRIPTION          OF PERIOD       EXPENSES              ACCOUNTS             RESERVE             PERIOD
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>             <C>                   <C>              <C>                  <C>
YEAR ENDED JUNE 30 2000:
Reserve deducted from assets to
which it applies - allowance for
doubtful accounts                           $3,515          $3,058                $500 (B)         $3,273 (A)           $3,800

YEAR ENDED JUNE 30 1999:
Reserve deducted from assets to
which it applies - allowance for
doubtful accounts                           $3,500          $3,014                $100 (C)         $3,099 (A)           $3,515

YEAR ENDED JUNE 30 1998:
Reserve deducted from assets to
which it applies - allowance for
doubtful accounts                           $2,400          $2,075              $1,165 (C)         $2,140 (A)           $3,500

(A) Amounts represent uncollectible accounts charged off.

(B) Amounts represent reserves for the return of merchandise.

(C) Represents reserves recorded through purchase accounting for acquisitions
made during the year.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           SCHEDULE II
</TABLE>


                                       24
<PAGE>   26

                                   SIGNATURES
                                   ----------

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                      APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

<TABLE>
<S>                                           <C>
/s/ John C. Dannemiller                       /s/ David L. Pugh
------------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------------
John C. Dannemiller, Chairman                 David L. Pugh, President & Chief Executive
                                              Officer

/s/ John R. Whitten                           /s/ Mark O. Eisele
------------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------------
John R. Whitten                               Mark O. Eisele
Vice President-Chief Financial Officer        Vice President & Controller
& Treasurer                                   (Principal Accounting Officer)
</TABLE>

Date:  September 20, 2000

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

<TABLE>
<S>                                           <C>
/s/ William G. Bares                          /s/ Dr. Roger D. Blackwell
------------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------------
William G. Bares, Director                    Dr. Roger D. Blackwell, Director

/s/ William E. Butler                         /s/Thomas A. Commes
------------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------------
William E. Butler, Director                   Thomas A. Commes, Director

/s/ John C. Dannemiller                       /s/ Russel B. Every
------------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------------
John C. Dannemiller, Chairman and Director    Russel B. Every, Director

/s/ Russell R. Gifford                        /s/ L. Thomas Hiltz
------------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------------
Russell R. Gifford, Director                  L. Thomas Hiltz, Director

/s/ John J. Kahl                              /s/ J. Michael Moore
------------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------------
John J. Kahl, Director                        J. Michael Moore, Director

/s/ David L. Pugh                             /s/ Dr. Jerry Sue Thornton
------------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------------
David L. Pugh, President & Chief Executive    Dr. Jerry Sue Thornton, Director
Officer and Director

------------------------------------------
Robert C. Stinson, as attorney
in fact for persons indicated by "*"

Date:  September 20, 2000
</TABLE>

                                         25
<PAGE>   27
                      APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX
                  TO FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2000


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit
  No.             Description                                                           Reference
--------          -----------                                                           ---------
<S>               <C>                                                                   <C>
3(a)              Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
                  of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., as amended
                  on October 8, 1998.                                                   Note (a)

3(b)              Code of Regulations of Applied Industrial
                  Technologies, Inc., as amended on October 19, 1999.                   Note (b)

4(a)              Certificate of Merger of Bearings, Inc. (Ohio) and
                  Bearings, Inc. (Delaware) filed with the Ohio
                  Secretary of State on October 18, 1988, including
                  an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated
                  September 6, 1988.                                                    Note (c)

4(b)              $80,000,000 Maximum Aggregate Principal
                  Amount Note Purchase Agreement and Private
                  Shelf Facility dated October 31, 1992 between
                  Applied and The Prudential Insurance
                  Company of America (as amended and
                  restated).                                                            Note (d)

4(c)              Amendment to $80,000,000 Maximum
                  Aggregate Principal Amount Note Purchase
                  Agreement and Private Shelf Facility dated
                  October 31, 1992 between Applied and The
                  Prudential Insurance Company of America.                              Note (e)

4(d)              $50,000,000 Private Shelf Agreement dated
                  as of November 27, 1996, as amended on
                  January 30, 1998, between Applied and The
                  Prudential Insurance Company of America.                              Note (f)

4(e)              $150,000,000 Credit Agreement dated as of
                  November 5, 1998 among Applied, KeyBank
                  National Association as Agent, and various
                  financial institutions.                                               Note (g)
</TABLE>


<PAGE>   28



<TABLE>
<S>               <C>                                                                   <C>
4(f)              Rights Agreement, dated as of February 2, 1998, between
                  Applied and Harris Trust and Savings Bank, as Rights Agent,
                  which includes as Exhibit B thereto the Form of
                  Rights Certificate.                                                   Note (h)

10(a)             Form of Amended and Restated Change in
                  Control Agreement between Applied and
                  each of its executive officers.                                       Note (i)

10(b)             A written description of Applied's director
                  compensation program.                                                 Note (j)

10(c)             Applied Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-
                  employee Directors (January 1, 1997 Restatement).                     Note (k)

10(d)             First Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan
                  for Non-employee Directors (January 1, 1997
                  Restatement) dated May 1, 1998.                                       Note (l)

10(e)             A written description of Applied's Life and
                  Accidental Death and Dismemberment
                  Insurance for executive officers.                                     Note (m)

10(f)             A written description of Applied's Long-Term
                  Disability Insurance for executive officers.                          Note (n)

10(g)             Form of Director and Officer Indemnification
                  Agreement entered into between Applied
                  and each of its directors and executive officers.                     Note (o)

10(h)             Applied Supplemental Executive Retirement
                  Benefits Plan (July 1, 1997 Restatement) in which
                  11 Applied executive officers participate
                  (as well as certain former executive officers).                       Note (p)

10(i)             First Amendment to Supplemental Executive
                  Retirement Benefits Plan effective as of August
                  5, 1998.                                                              Note (q)

10(j)             Applied Deferred Compensation Plan
                  (January 1, 1997 Restatement).                                        Note (r)
</TABLE>


<PAGE>   29


<TABLE>
<S>               <C>                                                                   <C>
10(k)             First Amendment to Deferred Compensation
                  Plan (January 1, 1997 Restatement) dated
                  May 1, 1998.                                                          Note (s)

10(l)             1997 Long-Term Performance Plan adopted
                  by Shareholders on October 21, 1997.                                  Note (t)

10(m)             A written description of Applied's
                  Management Incentive Plan applicable to
                  key executives, including the five most
                  highly compensated executive officers.                                Note (u)

10(n)             Employment Agreement between Applied
                  and David L. Pugh dated December 21, 1998.                            Note (v)

10(o)             Retention Award Program for James T. Hopper,
                  Vice President-Chief Information Officer, dated
                  March 30, 2000.                                                       Attached

10(p)             Applied Supplemental Defined Contribution Plan
                  (January 1, 1997 Restatement).                                        Note (w)

10(q)             Lease dated as of March 1, 1996 between
                  Applied and the Cleveland-Cuyahoga County
                  Port Authority.                                                       Note (x)

10(r)             Consulting, Non-competition and Confidentiality
                  Agreement among Applied, Oak Grove Consulting
                  Group, Inc., and J. Michael Moore dated July 31,
                  1997.                                                                 Note (y)

10(s)             Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Agreement
                  between Applied and J. Michael Moore effective
                  as of December 31, 1997.                                              Note (z)

13                Applied 2000 Annual Report to shareholders
                  (not deemed "filed" as part of this Form 10-K
                  except for those portions that are expressly
                  incorporated by reference).                                           Attached

21                Applied's subsidiaries at June 30, 2000.                              Attached

23                Independent Auditors' Consent.                                        Attached

27                Financial Data Schedule.                                              Attached
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   30

Notes:            (a)      Incorporated  by reference from Applied's Form 10-Q
                           for the quarter ended  September 30, 1998, SEC File
                           No. 1-2299, at Exhibit 3(a).

                  (b)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Form 10-Q
                           for the quarter ended September 30, 1999, SEC File
                           No. 1-2299, at Exhibit 3(b).

                  (c)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Registration
                           Statement on Form S-4 filed May 23, 1997,
                           Registration No. 333-27801, at Exhibit 4(a).

                  (d)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Registration
                           Statement on Form S-4 filed May 23, 1997,
                           Registration No. 333-27801, at Exhibit 4(b).

                  (e)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Form 10-Q
                           for the quarter ended March 31, 1996, SEC File No.
                           1-2299, at Exhibit 4(g).

                  (f)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Form 10-Q
                           for the quarter ended March 31, 1998, SEC File No.
                           1-2299, at Exhibit 4(f).

                  (g)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Form 10-Q
                           for the quarter ended September 30, 1998, SEC File
                           No. 1-2299, at Exhibit 4(e).

                  (h)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Registration
                           Statement on Form 8-A filed July 20, 1998, SEC File
                           No. 1-2299, at Exhibit 1.

                  (i)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Form 10-Q
                           for the quarter ended March 31, 1998, SEC File No.
                           1-2299, at Exhibit 10(b).

                  (j)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Proxy
                           Statement dated September 12, 2000, SEC File No.
                           1-2299, at page 14, under the caption "Compensation
                           of Directors."

                  (k)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Registration
                           Statement on Form S-4 filed May 23, 1997,
                           Registration No. 333-27801, at Exhibit 10(d).

                  (l)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Form 10-K
                           for the year ended June 30, 1998, SEC File No.
                           1-2299, at Exhibit 10(d).

                  (m)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Form 10-Q
                           for the quarter ended December 31, 1997, SEC File No.
                           1-2299, at Exhibit 10(b).

                  (n)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Form 10-Q
                           for the quarter ended December 31, 1997, SEC File No.
                           1-2299, at Exhibit 10(c).
<PAGE>   31

                  (o)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Registration
                           Statement on Form S-4 filed May 23, 1997,
                           Registration No. 333-27801, at Exhibit 10(g).

                  (p)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Form 10-Q
                           for the quarter ended September 30, 1997, SEC File
                           No. 1-2299, at Exhibit 10(a).

                  (q)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Form 10-Q
                           for the quarter ended December 31, 1998, SEC File No.
                           1-2299, at Exhibit 10(a).

                  (r)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Registration
                           Statement on Form S-4 filed May 23, 1997,
                           Registration No. 333-27801, at Exhibit 10(j).

                  (s)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Form 10-K
                           for the year ended June 30, 1998, SEC File No.
                           1-2299, at Exhibit 10(j).

                  (t)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Form 10-Q
                           for the quarter ended December 31, 1997, SEC File No.
                           1-2299, at Exhibit 10(a).

                  (u)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Proxy
                           Statement dated September 12, 2000, SEC File No.
                           1-2299, at page 11, in the Report of the Executive
                           Organization & Compensation Committee of the Board of
                           Directors on Executive Compensation, under the
                           subcaption, "Management Incentive Plan."

                  (v)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Form 10-Q
                           for the quarter ended December 31, 1998, SEC File No.
                           1-2299, at Exhibit 10(b).

                  (w)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Registration
                           Statement on Form S-4 filed May 23, 1997,
                           Registration No. 333-27801, at Exhibit 10(m).

                  (x)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Registration
                           Statement on Form S-4 filed May 23, 1997,
                           Registration No. 333-27801, at Exhibit 10(n).

                  (y)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Form 10-Q
                           for the quarter ended September 30, 1997, SEC File
                           No. 1-2299, at Exhibit 10(c).

                  (z)      Incorporated by reference from Applied's Form 10-Q
                           for the quarter ended March 31, 1998, SEC File No.
                           1-2299, at Exhibit 10(a).



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
