<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>c04261e10vk.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

              [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   For the Fiscal Year Ended JANUARY 28, 2006

            [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
           For the Transition Period from ____________ to ____________

                        Commission File Number: 001-12951

                                THE BUCKLE, INC.
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

                  NEBRASKA                                  47-0366193
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation            (I.R.S. Employer
              or organization)                          Identification No.)

   2407 WEST 24TH STREET, KEARNEY, NEBRASKA                 68845-4915
   (Address of principal executive offices)                 (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (308) 236-8491

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(B) OF THE ACT:

        TITLE OF CLASS                 NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON WHICH REGISTERED
----------------------------           -----------------------------------------
Common Stock, $.01 par value                     New York Stock Exchange

        SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF THE ACT: NONE

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] No [X]

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ] No [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of the Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K [ ].

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer or a non-accelerated filer. (See definition of "accelerated
filer" and "large accelerated filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Check
one.

[X] Large accelerated filer;  [ ] Accelerated filer;   [ ] Non-accelerated filer

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [ ] No [X]

The aggregate market value (based on the closing price of the New York Stock
Exchange) of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the
registrant was $366,540,262.44 on July 30, 2005. For purposes of this response,
executive officers and directors are deemed to be the affiliates of the
Registrant and the holdings by non-affiliates was computed as 8,480,802 shares.

The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant's Common Stock, as of March
30, 2006, was 19,368,405.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement dated April 27, 2006 for Registrant's
2006 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held June 2, 2006 are incorporated by
reference in Part III.

<PAGE>

                                THE BUCKLE, INC.
                                    FORM 10-K
                                JANUARY 28, 2006

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                   PAGE
                                                                                                   ----
<S>                                                                                                <C>
                                     PART I

Item 1.     Business                                                                                 3

Item 1A.    Risk Factors                                                                            11

Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments                                                               12

Item 2.     Properties                                                                              13

Item 3.     Legal Proceedings                                                                       13

Item 4.     Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders                                     13

                                     PART II

Item 5.     Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters
              and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities                                             13

Item 6.     Selected Financial Data                                                                 14

Item 7.     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   14

Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                              14

Item 8.     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                             15

Item 9.     Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure    15

Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures                                                                 15

Item 9B.    Other Information                                                                       18

                                    PART III

Item 10.    Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant                                      18

Item 11.    Executive Compensation                                                                  18

Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
              Related Stockholder Matters                                                           18

Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                                          18

Item 14.    Principal Accountant Fees and Services                                                  18

                                     PART IV

Item 15.    Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules                                             18
</TABLE>

                                       2

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1 - BUSINESS

The Buckle, Inc. (the "Company") is a retailer of medium to better-priced casual
apparel, footwear and accessories for fashion conscious young men and women. As
of January 28, 2006, the Company operated 338 retail stores in 38 states
throughout the central, northwest, southeast and southwest United States under
the names "Buckle" and "The Buckle." The Company markets a wide selection of
mostly brand name casual apparel including denims, other casual bottoms, tops,
sportswear, outerwear, accessories and footwear. The Company emphasizes
personalized attention to its customers and provides customer services such as
free alterations, free gift-wrapping, easy layaways, The Buckle private label
credit card and a frequent shopper program. Most stores are located in regional,
high-traffic shopping malls, and this is the Company's strategy for future
expansion. All of the Company's central office functions, including purchasing,
pricing, advertising and distribution, are controlled from its headquarters and
distribution center in Kearney, Nebraska.

Incorporated in Nebraska in 1948, the Company commenced business under the name
Mills Clothing, Inc., a conventional men's clothing store with only one
location. In 1967, a second store, under the trade name Brass Buckle, was
purchased. In the early 1970s, the store image changed to that of a jeans store
with a wide selection of denims and shirts. The first branch store was opened in
Columbus, Nebraska, in 1976. In 1977, the Company began selling young women's
apparel as well and opened its first mall store. The Company has experienced
significant growth over the past ten years, growing from 164 stores at the start
of 1996 to 338 stores by the close of fiscal 2005. The Company changed its
corporate name to The Buckle, Inc. on April 23, 1991. All references herein to
fiscal 2005 refer to the 52-week period ended January 28, 2006. Fiscal 2004
refers to the 52-week period ended January 29, 2005 and fiscal 2003 refers to
the 52-week period ended January 31, 2004.

The Company's principal executive offices and distribution center are located at
2407 West 24th Street, Kearney, Nebraska 68845. The Company's telephone number
is (308) 236-8491. The Company publishes its corporate web site at
www.buckle.com.

                              AVAILABLE INFORMATION

The Company's annual reports on Form 10-K, along with all other reports and
amendments filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission,
are publicly available free of charge on the Investor Information section of the
Company's website at www.buckle.com as soon as reasonably practicable after the
Company files such materials with, or furnishes them to, the Securities and
Exchange Commission. The Company's corporate governance policies, ethics code
and Board of Directors' committee charters are also posted within this section
of the website. The information on the Company's website is not part of this or
any other report The Buckle, Inc. files with, or furnishes to, the Securities
and Exchange Commission.

                          MARKETING AND MERCHANDISING

The Company's marketing and merchandising strategy is designed to create
customer loyalty by offering a selection of key brand name and private label
merchandise and providing a broad range of value-added services. The Company
believes it provides a unique specialty apparel store with merchandise designed
to appeal to the fashion conscious 12 to 24-year old. The merchandise mix
includes denims, casual bottoms, tops, sportswear, outerwear, accessories and
footwear. Denim is a significant contributor to total sales (42.7% of fiscal
2005 net sales) and is a key to the Company's merchandising strategy. The
Company believes it attracts customers with a selection of key brands plus
private label denim and a wide variety of fits, finishes and styles. Shirts and
tops are also significant contributors to total sales (29.8% of fiscal 2005 net
sales). The Company strives to provide a continually changing selection of the
latest casual fashions.

                                       3

<PAGE>

The percentage of net sales over the past three fiscal years of the Company's
major product lines are set forth in the following table.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Percentage of Net Sales
                                                            -----------------------------------------------
                                                            Fiscal 2005       Fiscal 2004       Fiscal 2003
                                                            -----------       -----------       -----------
<S>                                                         <C>               <C>               <C>
Denims                                                          42.7%             40.3%             36.2%
Tops (including sweaters)                                       29.8              31.8              32.1
Accessories                                                     10.2              11.4              11.4
Footwear                                                         8.1               7.6               8.9
Outerwear                                                        3.5               2.5               2.9
Sportswear/fashions                                              3.1               4.2               4.5
Casual bottoms                                                   2.5               2.1               3.8
Other                                                            0.1               0.1               0.2
                                                               -----             -----             -----
                                                               100.0%            100.0%            100.0%
                                                               =====             =====             =====
</TABLE>

Brand name merchandise accounted for approximately 67% of the Company's sales
during fiscal 2005. The remaining balance is comprised of private label
merchandise that is manufactured to the Company's specifications. The Company's
merchandisers continually work with manufacturers and vendors to produce brand
name merchandise that they believe is unique in color and style. While the
brands offered by the Company change to meet current customer preferences, the
Company currently offers brands such as Lucky Brand Dungarees, Silver, Fossil,
Billabong, Ecko, Quiksilver/Roxy, Hurley and LeTigre. The Company believes brand
name merchandise will continue to constitute the majority of sales.

Management believes the Company provides a unique store environment by
maintaining a high level of personalized service and by offering a wide
selection of fashionable, quality merchandise. The Company believes that it is
essential to create an enjoyable shopping atmosphere and, in order to fulfill
this mission, we must employ highly motivated employees who give personal
attention to customers. Each salesperson is educated to help create a complete
look for the customer by helping them find the best fits and showing merchandise
as coordinating outfits. The Company also incorporates specialized services such
as free alterations, free gift wrapping, layaways, a frequent shopper card, the
Buckle private label credit card and a special order system which allows stores
to obtain specifically requested merchandise from other Company stores.
Customers are encouraged to use the Company's layaway plan, which allows
customers to make a partial payment on merchandise that is then held by the
store until the balance is paid. For the past three fiscal years, an average of
approximately four percent of net sales has been made on a layaway basis.

Merchandising and pricing decisions are made centrally; however, the Company's
distribution system allows for variation in the mix of merchandise distributed
to each store. This allows individual store inventories to be tailored to
reflect differences in customer buying patterns at various locations. In
addition, to assure a continually fresh, new look in its stores, the Company
ships new merchandise daily to most stores. The Company also has a transfer
program that shifts certain merchandise to locations where it is selling best.
This distribution and transfer system helps to maintain customer satisfaction by
providing in-stock popular items and reducing the need to mark down slow-moving
merchandise at a particular location. The Company believes the reduced markdowns
justify the incremental distribution costs associated with the transfer system.
The Company does not hold storewide off-price sales at anytime.

The Company continually evaluates the store design as part of the overall
shopping experience and feels the fiscal 2002 re-design continues to be very
well received by guests and developers. This store design contains rich woods,
real brick finishes and an interesting ceiling and lighting layout to provide a
comfortable environment for the guest. The Company has developed modifications
to the store design for specialized venues including lifestyle centers and
larger mall fronts. The signature B icon and red color are used throughout the
store on fixtures, graphic images and print materials to reinforce the brand
identity. To enhance selling and product presentation, new fixtures were
introduced in fiscal 2005 and modifications were made to certain other floor
fixtures. The new fixtures and tables were also rolled out to select existing
stores to update their looks as well.

                                       4

<PAGE>

                            MARKETING AND ADVERTISING

In fiscal 2005, the Company spent $6.1 million or 1.2% of net sales on seasonal
marketing campaigns, advertising, promotions, online marketing and in-store
point of sale materials. Seasonal image and promotional signs are presented in
store window displays and on merchandising presentations throughout the store to
complement the product and reinforce the brand's image. Promotions such as
sweepstakes, gift with purchase offers and special events are offered to enhance
the guest shopping experience. Seasonal brochures featuring current fashion
trends and product selection are distributed through the stores, at special
events and in new markets. Magazine advertising in leading teen publications is
used during key seasons to introduce new merchandise, build awareness and brand
the Buckle's image. Editorial product placement in national and regional
magazines creates exposure for seasonal merchandise and the Buckle's private
label brands. The Buckle partners with key merchandise vendors on joint
advertising and promotional opportunities that expand the marketing reach and
position the Buckle as the destination store for these specialty branded
fashions.

The Company offers programs to strengthen relationships with loyal guests. The
Company continues to support a frequent shopper program (the Buckle Primo Card),
a rewards program designed to build customer loyalty. Private label credit card
marketing is another avenue for marketing to loyal guests. The Company extends
exclusive benefits to active Buckle Cardholders such as bonus rewards and
special targeted mailings. The Buckle continues to build on its B-Rewards
incentive program, which is offered exclusively to Buckle Cardholders.
Qualifying Cardholders are mailed B-Rewards merchandise certificates at the end
of each Rewards period inviting them back into the store at the start of the
next season. In 2005, the Buckle tested a student credit card program in 50
store locations. The results of this test were under review at the end of fiscal
2005. The Buckle Card marketing program is partially funded by WFNNB, a
third-party bank that owns the Buckle Card accounts.

The Company publishes a corporate web site at www.buckle.com. The Company's web
site serves as a second retail touch-point for cross-channel marketing, reaching
a growing online audience. Buckle.com is an eCommerce enabled channel with an
interactive, entertaining, informative and brand building environment where
guests can shop, enter sweepstakes, fill out a wish list, find out about career
opportunities and read the latest Buckle financial news. The Company has an
opt-in online database. National email campaigns are sent bi-monthly and weekly
store targeted messages are sent notifying members of the latest store
promotions and product offerings. Search engine and affiliate marketing programs
are managed to increase online and in-store traffic as well as conversion rates.
The Buckle Online Store was launched April 26, 1999 as a marketing tool, to
extend the Company's brand beyond the physical locations. Offering a growing
selection of the merchandise inventory online, the Company presents the online
store as a "taste test" in new markets as well as a cross-channel tool in
existing markets, which means guests can shop both in the physical stores and
via the online store.

                                STORE OPERATIONS

The Company has an Executive Vice President of Sales, a Vice President of Sales,
17 district managers and 63 area managers. Seven of the district managers and
all of the area managers also serve as manager of their home base store. Each
store has one manager, one or two assistant managers, one to three additional
full-time salespeople and up to 20 part-time salespeople. Most stores have peak
levels of staff during the back-to-school and Christmas seasons. Almost every
location also employs a seamstress.

The Company places great importance on educating quality personnel. Along with
sharing career opportunities with Buckle employees, the Company recruits interns
and management trainees from college campuses. A majority of the Company's store
managers, all of its Area and District managers and most of its upper level
management are former salespeople, including the President and CEO, Dennis H.
Nelson and Chairman, Daniel J. Hirschfeld. Recognizing talent and promoting
managers from within allows the Company to build a strong foundation for
management.

Store managers receive compensation in the form of a base salary and incentive
bonuses. District and area managers also receive added incentives based upon the
performance of stores in their district/area. Store managers perform sales
training of new employees at the store level. Salespeople displaying particular
talent are generally assigned to stores operated by district managers for
training as a store manager.

The Company has established a comprehensive program stressing the prevention and
control of shrinkage losses. Steps taken to reduce shrinkage include monitoring
cash refunds, voids, inappropriate discounts, employee sales and
returns-to-vendor. The Company also has electronic article surveillance systems
in approximately 99% of the Company's stores as

                                       5

<PAGE>

well as surveillance camera systems in approximately 81% of the stores. As a
result, the Company achieved a merchandise shrinkage rate of 0.6% of net sales
for fiscal 2005, 0.7% of net sales for fiscal 2004 and 0.6% for fiscal year
2003.

The average store is approximately 4,900 square feet (of which the Company
estimates an average of approximately 80% is selling space), and stores range in
size from 2,600 square feet to 8,475 square feet.

                           PURCHASING AND DISTRIBUTION

The Company has an experienced buying team. The buying team includes the
President, the Vice President of Women's Merchandising, four women's buyers, two
men's merchandisers and three buyers. The top four members of this buying team
combined, have over 90 years of experience with the Company. The experience and
leadership within the buying team contributes significantly to the Company's
success by enabling the buying team to react quickly to changes in fashion and
by providing extensive knowledge of sources for branded and private label goods.

The Company purchases products from manufacturers within the United States as
well as from foreign manufacturers. The Company's merchandising team shops and
monitors U.S. fashion centers (in New York and on the West Coast) to stay
abreast of the latest trends. The Company continually monitors fabric selection,
quality and delivery schedules. The Company has not experienced any material
difficulties with merchandise manufactured in foreign countries. The Company
does not have long-term or exclusive contracts with any brand name manufacturer,
private label manufacturer or supplier. The Company plans its private label
production with several private label vendors six to twelve months in advance of
product delivery.

In fiscal 2005, Lucky Brand Dungarees and Koos Manufacturing (one of the
Company's private label producers) made up 20.8% and 20.2% of the Company's net
sales, respectively. No other vendor accounted for more than 10% of the
Company's sales. Other current significant vendors include Silver, Fossil, Ecko,
LeTigre, Billabong, Quiksilver/Roxy and Hurley. The Company continually strives
to offer brands that are currently popular with its customers and, therefore,
the Company's suppliers and purchases from specific vendors may vary
significantly from year to year.

The Buckle stores generally carry the same merchandise, with quantity and
seasonal variations based upon historical sales data, climate and perceived
local customer interest. The Company uses a centralized receiving and
distribution center located within the corporate headquarters building in
Kearney, Nebraska. Merchandise is received daily in Kearney where it is sorted,
tagged with bar-coded tickets (unless the vendor UPC code can be used or the
merchandise is pre-ticketed), and packaged for distribution to individual stores
primarily via United Parcel Service. The Company's goal is to ship the majority
of its merchandise out to the stores within one to two business days of receipt.
This system allows stores to receive new merchandise almost every day, creating
excitement within each store and providing customers with a good reason to shop
often.

The Company completed an 82,200 square foot expansion to its corporate
headquarters facility during fiscal 2005. This expansion allows additional space
for our supplies and returns-to-vendor departments, as well as housing the
Company's online fulfillment and customer service center. The online fulfillment
center occupies approximately 100,000 square feet of space on three levels. The
spaces vacated by supplies and returns will be renovated in fiscal 2006 to add
new office space. The distribution center should allow for handling of up to 450
stores. The Company has developed an effective computerized system for tracking
merchandise from the time it is checked in at the Company's distribution center
until it arrives at the stores and is sold to a customer. The system's function
is to insure that store shipments are delivered accurately and promptly, to
account for inventory and to assist in allocating merchandise among stores.
Management can track, on a daily basis, which merchandise is selling at specific
locations and directs transfers of merchandise from one store to another as
necessary. This allows stores to carry a reduced inventory while at the same
time satisfying customer demands.

To reduce inter-store shipping costs and provide timely restocking of in-season
merchandise, the Company warehouses a portion of initial shipments for later
distribution. Sales reports are then used to replenish, on a basis of one to
three times each week, those stores that are experiencing the greatest success
selling specific styles, colors and sizes of merchandise. This system is also
designed to prevent an over-crowded look in the stores at the beginning of a
season.

                                       6

<PAGE>

                    STORE LOCATIONS AND EXPANSION STRATEGIES

As of April 11, 2006, the Company operated 341 stores in 38 states, including 4
stores opened and 1 closed during fiscal 2006. The existing stores are in 4
downtown locations, 11 strip centers, 16 lifestyle centers and 310 shopping
malls. The Company anticipates opening approximately 17 new stores in fiscal
2006. For fiscal 2006, nine of the new stores are expected to be located in
higher traffic shopping malls and eight of the new stores are expected to be
located in lifestyle centers. The following table lists the location of existing
stores as of April 11, 2006.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Location of Stores
                                                ------------------
                                                                 Number of
 State                Number of Stores           State             Stores              State        Number of Stores
 -----                ----------------           -----           ----------            -----        ----------------
<S>                   <C>                     <C>                <C>                <C>             <C>
Alabama                       5               Louisiana                8            Oregon                  2
Arizona                       8               Michigan                17            Pennsylvania            5
Arkansas                      5               Minnesota               12            South Carolina          1
California                   12               Mississippi              5            South Dakota            3
Colorado                     12               Missouri                14            Tennessee              10
Florida                       6               Montana                  5            Texas                  37
Georgia                       4               Nebraska                15            Utah                   10
Idaho                         5               Nevada                   2            Virginia                2
Illinois                     17               New Mexico               4            Washington             10
Indiana                      12               North Carolina           8            West Virginia           2
Iowa                         19               North Dakota             3            Wisconsin              13
Kansas                       16               Ohio                    13            Wyoming                 1
                                                                                                          ---
Kentucky                      5               Oklahoma                13                     Total        341
                                                                                                          ===
</TABLE>

The Buckle has grown significantly over the past ten years, with the number of
stores increasing from 164 at the beginning of 1996 to 338 at the end of fiscal
2005. The Company's plan is to continue expansion by developing the geographic
region it currently serves and by expanding into contiguous markets. The Company
intends to open new stores only when management believes there is a reasonable
expectation of satisfactory results.

The following table sets forth information regarding store openings and closings
since the beginning of fiscal 1996 to the end of fiscal 2005:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                           Total Number of Stores Per Year
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fiscal          Open at start         Opened in          Closed in
 Year               of year         Current Year       Current Year         Total
------          -------------       ------------       ------------         -----
<S>             <C>                 <C>                <C>                  <C>
 1996                164                 17                 -                181
 1997                181                 19                 1                199
 1998                199                 24                 1                222
 1999                222                 27                 1                248
 2000                248                 28                 2                274
 2001                274                 24                 3                295
 2002                295                 11                 2                304
 2003                304                 16                 4                316
 2004                316                 13                 2                327
 2005                327                 15                 4                338
</TABLE>

The Company's criteria used when considering a particular location for expansion
include:

      1.    Market area, including proximity to existing markets to capitalize
            on name recognition;

      2.    Trade area population (number, average age, and college population);

      3.    Economic vitality of market area;

      4.    Mall location, anchor tenants, tenant mix, average sales per square
            foot;

      5.    Available location within a mall, square footage, storefront width,
            and facility of using the current store design;

      6.    Availability of suitable management personnel for the market;

      7.    Cost of rent, including minimum rent, common area and extra charges;

      8.    Estimated construction costs, including landlord charge backs and
            tenant allowances.

                                       7

<PAGE>

The Company generally seeks sites of 4,000 to 5,000 square feet for its stores.
The projected cost of opening a store with the new design is approximately
$832,000, including construction costs of approximately $617,000 (prior to any
construction allowance received) and inventory costs of approximately $215,000,
net of accounts payable.

The Company anticipates opening approximately 15-17 new stores during fiscal
2006 and completing approximately 9 full remodels. Remodels range from partial
to full, with construction costs for a full remodel being nearly the same as for
a new store. Of the stores scheduled for remodeling during fiscal 2006, it is
estimated that each will receive full remodeling. The Company has budgeted a
total of $27.5 million for new store construction, remodeling, technology
upgrades and improvements at the corporate headquarters during fiscal 2006.

The Company plans to expand in 2006 by opening stores in existing markets. The
Company believes that, given the time required for training personnel, staffing
a store and developing adequate district and regional managers, its current
management infrastructure is sufficient to support its currently planned rate of
growth.

The Company's ability to expand in the future will depend, in part, on general
business conditions, the ability to find suitable malls with acceptable sites on
satisfactory terms, the availability of financing and the readiness of trained
store managers. There can be no assurance that the Company's expansion plans
will be fulfilled in whole or in part, or that leases under negotiation for
planned new sites will be obtained on terms favorable to the Company.

                         MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS

The Company's management information systems (MIS) and electronic data
processing systems (EDP) consist of a full range of retail, financial and
merchandising systems, including purchasing, inventory distribution and control,
sales reporting, accounts payable and merchandise management.

The system includes PC based point-of-sale (POS) registers equipped with bar
code readers in each store. These registers are polled nightly by the central
computer (IBM iSeries) using a virtual private network for collection of
comprehensive data, including complete item-level sales information, employee
time clocking, merchandise transfers and receipts, special orders, supply orders
and returns-to-vendor. In conjunction with the nightly polling, the central
computer sends the PC server messages from various departments at the Company
headquarters and price changes for the price lookup (PLU) file maintained within
the POS registers.

Each weekday morning, the Company initiates an electronic "sweep" of the
individual store bank accounts to the Company's primary concentration account.
This allows the Company to meet its obligations with a minimum of borrowing and
to invest excess cash on a timely basis.

Management monitors the performance of each of its stores on a continual basis.
Daily information is used to evaluate inventory, determine markdowns, analyze
profitability and assist management in the scheduling and compensation of
employees. Additionally, reports are generated verifying daily bank deposit
information against recorded sales, identifying transactions rung at prices that
differ from the PLU file, and listing selected "exception" transactions (e.g.
refunds, cash paid-outs, discounts). These reports are used to help assure
consistency among the stores and to help prevent losses due to error or
dishonesty.

The PLU system allows management to control merchandise pricing centrally,
permitting faster and more accurate processing of sales at the store and the
monitoring of specific inventory items to confirm that centralized pricing
decisions are carried out in each of the stores. Management is able to direct
all price changes, including promotional, clearance and markdowns on a central
basis and estimate the financial impact of such changes.

The virtual private network for communication with the stores also supports the
Company's intranet site. The intranet allows stores to view various types of
information from the corporate office, including timely information from the
advertising, merchandising and benefits departments. Stores also have access to
a variety of tools such as a product search feature with pictures, printable
forms and links to transmit various requests and information to the corporate
office.

The Company is committed to ongoing review of the MIS and EDP systems to provide
productive, timely information and effective controls. This review includes
testing of new products and systems to assure that the Company is aware of

                                       8

<PAGE>

technological developments. Most important, continual feedback is sought from
every level of the Company to assure that information provided is pertinent to
all aspects of the Company's operations.

                                    EMPLOYEES

As of January 28, 2006, the Company had approximately 6,500 employees -
approximately 1,227 of whom were full-time. The Company has an experienced
management team and substantially all of the management team, from store
managers through senior management, commenced work for the Company on the sales
floor. The Company experiences high turnover of store and distribution center
employees, primarily due to having a significant number of part-time employees.
However, the Company has not experienced significant difficulty in hiring
qualified personnel. Of the total employees, approximately 360 are employed at
the corporate headquarters and in the distribution center. None of the Company's
employees are represented by a union. Management believes that employee
relations are good.

The Company provides medical, dental, life insurance and long-term disability
plans, as well as a 401(k) and a section 125 cafeteria plan for eligible
employees. An employee must be at least 20 years of age and work a minimum of
1,000 hours during the plan year to be eligible for the 401(k) plan. To be
eligible for the plans, other than the 401(k) Plan, an employee must have worked
for the Company for 90 days or more, and his or her normal workweek must be 35
hours or more. As of January 28, 2006, 1,020 employees participated in the
medical plan, 1,029 in the dental plan, 922 in the life insurance plan, 291 in
the supplemental life insurance plan, 892 in the long-term disability plan and
707 in the cafeteria plan. With respect to the medical, dental and life
insurance plans, the Company pays 80% to 100% of the employee's expected premium
cost plus 20% to 100% of the expected cost of dependent coverage under the
health plan. The exact percentage is based upon the employee's term of
employment and job classification within the Company. In addition, all employees
receive discounts on company merchandise.

                                   COMPETITION

The men's and women's apparel industries are highly competitive with fashion,
selection, quality, price, location, store environment and service being the
principal competitive factors. While the Company believes that it is able to
compete favorably with other merchandisers, including department stores and
specialty retailers, with respect to each of these factors, the Company believes
it competes mainly on the basis of customer service and merchandise selection.

In the men's merchandise areas, the Company competes with specialty retailers
such as Abercrombie & Fitch, American Eagle Outfitters, Hollister, Hot Topic,
Gap and Pacific Sunwear. The men's market also competes with certain department
stores, such as Dillards, Federated stores, Parisian, Saks, Bon-Ton stores and
other local or regional department stores and specialty retailers, as well as
with mail order and internet merchandisers.

In the women's merchandise area, the Company competes with specialty retailers
such as Abercrombie & Fitch, American Eagle Outfitters, Express, Aeropostale,
Hollister, Gap, Maurices, Pacific Sunwear, Wet Seal and Vanity. The women's
sales also compete with department stores, such as Dillards, Federated stores,
Parisian, Saks, Bon-Ton stores and certain local or regional department stores
and specialty retailers, as well as with mail order and internet merchandisers.

Many of the Company's competitors are considerably larger and have substantially
greater financial, marketing and other resources than the Company, and there is
no assurance that the Company will be able to compete successfully with them in
the future. Furthermore, while the Company believes it competes effectively for
favorable site locations and lease terms, competition for prime locations within
a mall is intense.

                                   TRADEMARKS

"BUCKLE", "BKLE", "RECLAIM", "BKE", "THE BUCKLE" and "GIMMICK" are federally
registered trademarks of the Company. The Company believes the strength of its
trademarks is of considerable value to its business, and its trademarks are
important to its marketing efforts. The Company intends to protect and promote
its trademarks as management deems appropriate.

                                       9

<PAGE>

                        EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY

The Executive Officers of the Company are listed below, together with brief
accounts of their experience and certain other information.

DANIEL J. HIRSCHFELD, AGE 64. Mr. Hirschfeld is Chairman of the Board of the
Company. He has served as Chairman of the Board since April 19, 1991. Prior to
that time, Mr. Hirschfeld served as President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr.
Hirschfeld has been involved in all aspects of the Company's business, including
the development of the Company's management information systems.

DENNIS H. NELSON, AGE 56. Mr. Nelson is President and Chief Executive Officer
and a Director of the Company. He has held the titles of President and Director
since April 19, 1991. Mr. Nelson was elected Chief Executive Officer on March
17, 1997. Mr. Nelson began his career with the Company in 1970 as a part-time
salesman while he was attending Kearney State College (now the University of
Nebraska - Kearney). While attending college, he became involved in
merchandising and sales supervision for the Company. Upon graduation from
college in 1973, Mr. Nelson became a full-time employee of the Company and he
has worked in all phases of the Company's operations since that date. Prior to
his election as President and Chief Operating Officer on April 19, 1991, Mr.
Nelson performed all of the functions normally associated with those positions.

KAREN B. RHOADS, AGE 47. Ms. Rhoads is the Vice-President - Finance, Treasurer,
Chief Financial Officer and a Director of the Company. Ms. Rhoads was elected a
Director on April 19, 1991. She worked in the corporate offices while attending
Kearney State College (now the University of Nebraska - Kearney) and later
worked part-time on the sales floor. Ms. Rhoads practiced as a CPA for 6 1/2
years, during which time she began working on tax and accounting matters for the
Company as a client. She has been employed with the Buckle since November 1987.

JAMES E. SHADA, AGE 50. Mr. Shada is Executive Vice President - Sales and a
Director of the Company. He was elected Executive Vice President on May 31, 2001
and served as Vice President of Sales from April 19, 1991 until such date. Mr.
Shada was elected Director of the Company on May 30, 2002. He began employment
with the Company in November of 1978 as a salesperson. Between 1979 and 1985, he
managed and opened new stores for the Company, and in 1985 Mr. Shada became the
Company's sales manager. He is also involved in site selection and development
and education of personnel as store managers and as area and district managers.

BRETT P. MILKIE, AGE 46. Mr. Milkie is Vice President-Leasing. He was elected
Vice President-Leasing on May 30, 1996. Mr. Milkie was a leasing agent for a
national retail mall developer for 6 years prior to joining the company in
January 1992 as director of leasing.

KARI G. SMITH, AGE 42. Ms. Smith is Vice President-Sales. She has held this
position since May 31, 2001. Ms. Smith joined the Company May 16, 1978 as a
part-time salesperson. Later she became store manager in Great Bend, KS and then
began working with other stores as an area manager. Ms. Smith has continued to
develop her involvement with the sales management executive team, helping with
manager meetings and new store manager development, as well as providing support
for store managers, area managers and district managers.

PATRICIA K. WHISLER, AGE 49. Ms. Whisler is Vice President-Women's
Merchandising. She has held this position since May 31, 2001. Ms. Whisler joined
the Company in February 1976 as a part-time salesperson and later became manager
of a Buckle store before returning to the corporate office in 1983 to work as
part of the growing merchandising team.

KYLE L. HANSON, AGE 41. Ms. Hanson is the Corporate Secretary and General
Counsel. She has held this position since February of 2001. Ms. Hanson joined
the Company in May of 1998 as General Counsel. She also worked for the Company
as a part-time salesperson while attending Kearney State College (now the
University of Nebraska - Kearney). Ms. Hanson was previously First Vice
President and Trial Attorney for Mutual of Omaha Companies for 2 years and an
attorney with Kutak Rock law firm in Omaha from 1990 to 1996.

                                       10

<PAGE>

ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF
1995 AND RISK FACTORS

Certain statements herein, including anticipated store openings, trends in or
expectations regarding The Buckle, Inc.'s revenue and net earnings growth,
comparable store sales growth, cash flow requirements and capital expenditures,
all constitute "forward looking statements" within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are based on currently
available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to
various risks and uncertainties. Actual future results and trends may differ
materially depending on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to,
changes in product mix, changes in fashion trends and/or pricing, competitive
factors, general economic conditions, economic conditions in the retail apparel
industry, successful execution of internal performance and expansion plans and
other risks detailed herein and in The Buckle, Inc.'s other filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future
events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur.
Users should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which
speak only as of the date of this report. The Company is under no obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise. The following are material risk
factors.

MERCHANDISING/FASHION SENSITIVITY. The Company's success is largely dependent
upon its ability to gauge the fashion tastes of its customers and to provide
merchandise that satisfies customer demand in a timely manner. The Company's
failure to anticipate, identify or react appropriately and timely to the changes
in fashion trends would reduce the Company's net sales and profitability.
Misjudgments or unanticipated fashion changes could have a negative impact on
the Company's image with its customers, which would also reduce the Company's
net sales and profitability.

PRIVATE LABEL MERCHANDISE. Sales from private label merchandise accounted for
approximately 33% and 28% of the net sales for fiscal 2005 and fiscal 2004,
respectively. The Company may increase or decrease the percentage of net sales
in private label merchandise in the future. The Company's private label products
generally earn a higher margin than branded product, thus reductions in the
private label mix would decrease the Company's merchandise margin and as a
result, reduce net earnings.

FLUCTUATIONS IN COMPARABLE STORE NET SALES RESULTS. The Company's comparable
store net sales results have fluctuated in the past and are expected to continue
to fluctuate in the future. A variety of factors affect comparable sales
results, including changes in fashion trends, changes in the Company's
merchandise mix, calendar shifts of holiday periods, actions by competitors,
weather conditions and general economic conditions. As a result of these or
other factors, the Company's future comparable sales could decrease, reducing
overall net sales and profitability. These reductions could also cause the
market price of the Company's common stock to decline.

EXPANSION AND MANAGEMENT OF GROWTH. The Buckle, Inc.'s continued growth depends
on its ability to open and operate stores on a profitable basis and management's
ability to manage planned expansion. During fiscal 2006, the Company plans to
open 15-17 new stores. This expansion is dependent upon factors such as the
ability to locate and obtain favorable store sites, negotiate acceptable lease
terms, obtain necessary merchandise and hire and train qualified management and
other employees. There may be factors outside of the Company's control that
affect the ability to expand, including general economic conditions. There is no
assurance that the Company will be able to achieve its planned expansion or that
such expansion will be profitable. If the Company fails to manage its store
growth, there would be less growth in the Company's net sales from new stores
and less growth in profitability. If the Company opened unprofitable store
locations, there could be a reduction in net earnings, even with the resulting
growth in the Company's sales revenues.

RELIANCE ON KEY PERSONNEL. The continued success of the Buckle, Inc. is
dependent to a significant degree on the continued service of key personnel,
including senior management. The loss of a member of senior management could
create additional expense in covering their position as well as cause a
reduction in net sales, thus causing a reduction in net earnings. The Company's
success in the future will also be dependent upon the Company's ability to
attract and retain qualified personnel. The Company's failure to attract and
retain qualified personnel could reduce the number of new stores the Company
could open in a year which would cause net sales to decline, could create
additional operating expenses, and reduce overall profitability for the Company.

DEPENDENCE ON A SINGLE DISTRIBUTION FACILITY. The distribution function for all
of the Company's stores is handled from a single facility in Kearney, Nebraska.
Any significant interruption in the operation of the distribution facility due
to natural

                                       11

<PAGE>

disasters, system failures or other unforeseen causes would impede the
distribution of merchandise to the stores, causing a decline in store inventory,
a reduction in store sales and a reduction in company profitability. There can
be no assurance that the current facilities will be adequate to support the
Company's future growth.

RELIANCE ON FOREIGN SOURCES OF PRODUCTION. The Company purchases a portion of
its private label merchandise directly in foreign markets. In addition, some of
the Company's domestic vendors manufacture goods overseas. The Company does not
have any long-term merchandise supply contracts and its imports are subject to
existing or potential duties, tariffs and quotas. The Company faces a variety of
risks associated with doing business overseas including competition for
facilities and quotas, political instability, possible new legislation relating
to imports that could limit the quantity of merchandise that may be imported,
imposition of duties, taxes and other charges on imports and local business
practice and political issues which may result in adverse publicity. The
Company's inability to rely on foreign sources of production due to these or
other causes could reduce the amount of inventory the Company is able to
purchase, hold up the timing on the receipt of new merchandise and reduce
merchandise margins if comparable inventory is purchased from branded sources.
Any or all of these changes would cause a decrease in the Company's net sales
and also in net earnings.

DEPENDENCE UPON MAINTAINING SALES GROWTH IN THE HIGHLY COMPETITIVE RETAIL
APPAREL INDUSTRY. The specialty retail industry is highly competitive. The
Company competes primarily on the basis of fashion, selection, quality, price,
location, service and store environment. The Company faces a variety of
competitive challenges, including:

      -     anticipating and responding timely to changing customer demands and
            preferences;

      -     effectively marketing both branded and private label merchandise to
            consumers in several diverse market segments and maintaining
            favorable brand recognition;

      -     providing unique, high-quality merchandise in styles, colors and
            sizes that appeal to consumers;

      -     sourcing merchandise efficiently;

      -     competitively pricing merchandise and creating customer perception
            of value.

There is no assurance that the Company will be able to compete successfully in
the future.

RELIANCE ON CONSUMER SPENDING TRENDS. The continued success of the Company
depends, in part, upon numerous factors that effect the levels of individual
disposable income and thus, consumer spending. Factors include the political
environment, economic conditions, employment, consumer debt, interest rates,
inflation and consumer confidence. A decline in consumer spending, for any
reason, could have an adverse effect on the Company's sales, gross profits and
results from operations.

MODIFICATIONS AND/OR UPGRADES TO INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS MAY DISRUPT
OPERATIONS. The Company relies upon its various information systems to manage
its operations and regularly evaluates its information technology in order for
management to implement investments in maintaining, modifying, upgrading or
replacing these systems. There are inherent risks associated with replacing or
changing these systems. Any delays, errors in capturing data or difficulties in
transitioning to these or other new systems, or in integrating these systems
with the Company's current systems, or any other disruptions affecting the
Company's information systems, could have a material adverse impact on the
Company's business.

The Company cautions that the risk factors described above could cause actual
results to vary materially from those anticipated from any forward-looking
statements made by or on behalf of the Company. Management cannot assess the
impact of each factor on the Company's business or the extent to which any
factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to vary from those
contained in forward-looking statements.

ITEM 1B - UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

                                       12

<PAGE>

ITEM 2 - PROPERTIES

All of the store locations operated by the Company are leased facilities. Most
of the Company's stores have lease terms of approximately ten years and
generally do not contain renewal options. In the past, the Company has not
experienced problems renewing its leases, although no assurance can be given
that the Company can renew existing leases on favorable terms. The Company seeks
to negotiate extensions on leases for stores undergoing remodeling to provide
terms of approximately ten years after completion of remodeling. Consent of the
landlord generally is required to remodel or change the name under which the
Company does business. The Company has not experienced problems in obtaining
such consent in the past. Most leases provide for a fixed minimum rental plus an
additional rental cost based upon a set percentage of sales beyond a specified
breakpoint, plus common area and other charges. The current terms of the
Company's leases, including automatic renewal options, expire on or before
January 31st of each of the following years:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          Number of expiring
    Year                        leases
    ----                  ------------------
<S>                       <C>
2007                             58
2008                             36
2009                             31
2010                             53
2011                             41
2012                             28
2013                             22
2014 and later                   72
                                ---
Total                           341
                                ===
</TABLE>

The corporate headquarters and distribution center for the Company operate
within a facility purchased by the Company in 1988, and located in Kearney, NE.
The building currently provides approximately 261,200 square feet of space,
which includes approximately 82,200 square feet related to the Company's 2006
addition. The Company also owns a 40,000 square foot building with warehouse and
office space near the corporate headquarters. This building also houses the
Company's screenprinting operations. The Company also acquired the lease, with
favorable terms, on the land the building is built upon. The lease is currently
in the first of ten five-year renewal options, which expires on October 31,
2006.

ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

From time to time, the Company is involved in litigation relating to claims
arising out of its operations in the normal course of business. As of the date
of this form, the Company was not engaged in any legal proceedings that are
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on
the Company.

ITEM 4 - SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

There were no matters submitted to a vote of security holders during the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2005.

                                    PART II

ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND
ISSUERS PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES

The Company's common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol BKE. Prior to the Company's initial public offering on May 6, 1992, there
was no public market for the Company's common stock. During the third quarter of
fiscal 2003, the Board of Directors authorized the Company's first ever cash
dividend of $.10 per share to be paid quarterly, with the initial dividend
payment on October 27, 2003 and the second quarterly dividend payment on January
27, 2004. During fiscal 2004, the Company continued quarterly dividend payments
with $.10 per share paid during each of the first two quarters and $.12 per
share for the third and fourth quarters. Dividend payments continued during
fiscal 2005 with $.12 per share paid in the first quarter, $.15 per share paid
in the second quarter and $.17 per share paid in the third and fourth quarters.

                                       13

<PAGE>
The following table sets forth information concerning purchases made by the
Company of its common stock for each of the periods indicated for the fiscal
fourth quarter ended January 28, 2006:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      Approximate
                                                            Total Number of   Dollar Value of Shares that
                               Total Number   Average      Shares Purchased        May Yet Be Purchased
                                 of Shares   Price Paid   as Part of Publicly        Under Publicly
                                 Purchased   Per Share     Announced Plans          Announced Plans
                               ------------  ----------  -------------------  ---------------------------
<S>                            <C>           <C>         <C>                  <C>
Oct. 30, to Nov. 26, 2005          53,300    $    34.08        53,300              $    15,061,932
Nov. 27, to Dec. 31, 2005         205,000    $    32.76       205,000              $     7,785,960
Jan. 1, 2006 to Jan. 28, 2006      51,900    $    33.27        51,900              $     6,471,617
                                  -------    ----------       -------              ---------------
                                  310,200    $    33.07       310,200
</TABLE>

      On October 13, 2005, the Company announced a new 500,000 share repurchase
      plan. The shares purchased during the quarter ended January 28, 2006 were
      pursuant to this plan, which had 189,600 shares remaining as of January
      28, 2006.

The number of record holders of the Company's common stock as of March 30, 2006
was 351. Based upon information from the principal market makers, the Company
believes there are approximately 2,600 beneficial owners. The closing price of
the Company's common stock on March 30, 2006 was $41.00.

Additional information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
information on page 32 of the Company's 2005 Annual Report to Shareholders under
the caption "Stock Prices by Quarter" which is attached to this Form 10-K. The
remainder of the information required by this item appears in the Notes to
Financial Statements under Footnote I "Stock-Based Compensation" on pages 29 and
30 in the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders which is attached to this Form
10-K and is incorporated by reference.

ITEM 6 - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to
information on page 6 in the Company's 2005 Annual Report to Shareholders under
the caption "Selected Financial Data" which is attached to this Form 10-K.

ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
information appearing on pages 7 through 13 in the Company's 2005 Annual Report
to Shareholders which is attached to this Form 10-K.

ITEM 7A - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

To the extent that the Company borrows under its line of credit facility, the
Company would be exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. As
of January 28, 2006, no borrowings were outstanding under our line of credit
facility. The Company is not a party to any derivative financial instruments.
Additionally, the Company is exposed to market risk related to interest rate
risk on the cash and investments in interest-bearing securities. These
investments have carrying values that are subject to interest rate changes that
could impact earnings to the extent that the Company did not hold the
investments to maturity. If there are changes in interest rates, those changes
would also affect the investment income the Company earns on its investments.
For each one-quarter percent decline in the interest/dividend rate earned on
cash and investments (approximately an 8% change in the rate earned), the
Company's net income would decrease approximately $270,000 or approximately $.01
per share. This amount could vary based upon the number of shares of the
Company's stock outstanding and the level of cash and investments held by the
Company.

                                       14

<PAGE>

ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The financial statements together with the report of Deloitte & Touche LLP, an
independent registered public accounting firm, dated April 11, 2006, (which
report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph
relating to the restatement of the Company's financial statements described in
Note M) appearing on pages 17 through 32 of the Company's 2005 Annual Report to
Shareholders (which is attached to this Form 10-K) are incorporated by reference
in this Form 10-K.

ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

The Company maintains a system of disclosure controls and procedures that are
designed to provide reasonable assurance that material information, which is
required to be timely disclosed, is accumulated and communicated to management
in a timely manner. An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")) was
performed as of the end of the period covered by this report. This evaluation
was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based upon that evaluation,
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the
Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable
assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the
Company's reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to the management, including its Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that such
information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified by the SEC's rules and forms.

Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting - Management of
the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15-d-15(f)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company's internal control over
financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United State of America ("GAAP").

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent
limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can
provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement
preparation and presentation. Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.

Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting as of January 28, 2006, based on the criteria set forth by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations ("COSO") of the Treadway Commission in
their Internal Control - Integrated Framework. In making its assessment of
internal control over financial reporting, management has concluded that the
Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January
28, 2006.

The Company's independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche
LLP, has audited management's assessment of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Their report appears herein.

Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

As of January 29, 2005, the Company identified material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting concerning: (1) The Company lacked the
appropriate internal control procedures to review and evaluate its accounting
for lease agreements in accordance with GAAP. These internal control
deficiencies resulted in the restatement of the Company's financial statements
for each of the fiscal years ended January 31, 2004, February 1, 2003 and
February 2, 2002. (2) The Company identified several internal control
deficiencies and significant deficiencies related to information technology,
including security and production change control, and segregation of duties and
documentation in the business cycles that aggregated to a material weakness.

                                       15

<PAGE>

During fiscal 2005, the Company implemented the following measures designed to
remediate the material weaknesses referred to above.

      -     As described in the Company's Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
            April 30, 2005 and prior to filing the Company's Annual Report on
            Form 10-K for fiscal 2004, the Company corrected its accounting for
            leases and tenant allowances and restated its financial statements
            for each of the fiscal years ended January 31, 2004, February 1,
            2003 and February 2, 2002. The Company also implemented internal
            control procedures to appropriately review and evaluate its
            accounting for lease agreements in accordance with GAAP. Management
            believes that, as of January 28, 2006, this material weakness has
            been fully remediated.

      -     Throughout fiscal 2005 the Company took actions to remediate the
            individual control deficiencies and significant deficiencies that
            aggregated to a material weakness relating to information technology
            security and production change control and segregation of duties and
            documentation in the business cycles. These remediation activities
            include further documentation of policies and procedures,
            implementation of additional monitoring activities and segregation
            of duties within the various business cycles and information
            technology to remediate the individual control deficiencies and
            significant deficiencies. Management believes that, as of January
            28, 2006, this material weakness has been fully remediated.

During the fiscal quarter ended January 28, 2006, the Company implemented
expanded control activities used in its process for determining the
classification of individual investment accounts as either cash equivalents or
short-term investments. As a result, the Company identified an error in the
classification of auction-rate securities, which had previously been reported as
cash equivalents rather than as short-term investments in the Company's prior
financial statements. As a result of the error, management has concluded that a
material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting relating to
the classification of investments existed as of January 29, 2005 and has
determined that the Company will restate its previously issued balance sheet as
of January 29, 2005 and statements of cash flows for the year ended January 29,
2005 and January 31, 2004.

Management believes that the expanded control activities implemented for the
classification of individual investments during the fiscal quarter ending
January 28, 2006 have fully remediated this material weakness as of January 28,
2006. Management will utilize these expanded control activities on a quarterly
basis beginning in fiscal 2006.

There were no other changes in the Company's internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the Company's last fiscal quarter that have
materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, the
Company's internal control over financial reporting.

                                       16

<PAGE>

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
The Buckle, Inc.
Kearney, Nebraska

We have audited management's assessment, included in the accompanying
Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, that The
Buckle, Inc. (the "Company") maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of January 28, 2006, based on criteria established in
Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company's management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management's
assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting based on our audit.

We have conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, evaluating management's assessment, testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinions.

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by,
or under the supervision of, the company's principal executive and principal
financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the
company's board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial
reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management
override on controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be
prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of
the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future
periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, management's assessment that the Company maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2006, is fairly
stated, in all material respects, based on the criteria established in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2006,
based on the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the financial statements as of and
for the year ended January 28, 2006 of the Company and our report dated April
11, 2006 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Omaha, Nebraska
April 11, 2006

                                       17

<PAGE>

ITEM 9B - OTHER INFORMATION

None.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10 - DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The information required by this item appears under the captions "Executive
Officers of the Company" appearing on page 10 of this report, and "Election of
Directors" in the Company's Proxy Statement for its 2006 Annual Shareholders'
Meeting and is incorporated by reference.

ITEM 11- EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Information required by this item appears under the following captions in the
Company's Proxy Statement for its 2006 Annual Shareholders' Meeting and is
incorporated by reference: "Executive Compensation and Other Information,"
"Directors Compensation" (included under the "Election of Directors" section),
and "Report of the Audit Committee," including sub-captions "Option Grants in
Last Fiscal Year," "Aggregated Option Exercises in Last Fiscal Year and Fiscal
Year End Option Values," "Employment Agreements," and "Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation."

ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The information required by this item appears under the captions "Election of
Directors" in the Company's Proxy Statement for its 2006 Annual Shareholders'
Meeting and in the Notes to Financial Statements under Footnote I on pages 29
and 30 in the Annual Report to Shareholders for fiscal 2005, and is incorporated
by reference.

ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The information required by this item appears under the caption "Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" in the Company's Proxy for its
2006 Annual Shareholders' Meeting and is incorporated by reference.

ITEM 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

Information regarding the fees billed by our independent registered public
accounting firm and the nature of services comprising the fees for each of the
two most recent fiscal years is set forth under the caption "Ratification of
Independent Accountants" in the Company's Proxy Statement and is incorporated
herein by reference.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15 - EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES

(a) (1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Company's 2005 Annual Report to Shareholders, a copy of which appears as
Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K Report, contains the following on pages 17 through
32 and they are hereby incorporated by reference to this report:

      Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
      Balance Sheets as of January 28, 2006, and January 29, 2005
      Statements of Income for each of the three years in the period ended
         January 28, 2006
      Statements of Stockholders' Equity for each of the three years in the
         period ended January 28, 2006
      Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended
        January 28, 2006
      Notes to Financial Statements

(a) (2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Valuation and Qualifying
Account. This schedule is on page 20.

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required
information is presented in the financial statements or notes thereto.

(b) EXHIBITS

See index to exhibits on pages 21 and 22.

                                       18

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                      THE BUCKLE, INC.

      Date: April 13, 2006            By: /s/ DENNIS H. NELSON
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Dennis H. Nelson,
                                          President and Chief Executive Officer

      Date: April 13, 2006            By: /s/ KAREN B. RHOADS
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Karen B. Rhoads,
                                          Vice President of Finance, Treasurer,
                                          and Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities indicated on the 13th day of April, 2006.

/s/ DANIEL J. HIRSCHFELD
----------------------------------------------       ___________________________
Daniel J. Hirschfeld                                 Bill L. Fairfield
Chairman of the Board and Director                   Director

/s/ DENNIS H. NELSON
----------------------------------------------       ___________________________
Dennis H. Nelson                                     Ralph M. Tysdal
President and Chief Executive Officer                Director
     and Director

/s/ KAREN B. RHOADS
----------------------------------------------       ___________________________
Karen B. Rhoads                                      Bruce L. Hoberman
Vice President of Finance and                        Director
  Chief Financial Officer and Director

/s/ JAMES E. SHADA
----------------------------------------------       ___________________________
James E. Shada                                       David A. Roehr
Executive Vice President of Sales and Director       Director

/s/ ROBERT E. CAMPBELL                               /s/ WILLIAM D. ORR
----------------------------------------------       ---------------------------
Robert E. Campbell                                   William D. Orr
Director                                             Director

                                       19

<PAGE>

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
The Buckle, Inc.
Kearney, Nebraska

We have audited the financial statements of The Buckle, Inc., ("the Company") as
of January 28, 2006 and January 29, 2005, and for each of the three fiscal years
in the period ended January 28, 2006, management's assessment of the
effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of
January 28, 2006 and the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting as of January 28, 2006 and have issued our report thereon
dated April 11, 2006 (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes
an explanatory paragraph relating to the restatement of the Company's financial
statements described in Note M), and have issued our report thereon dated April
11, 2006; such financial statements and reports are included in your 2005 Annual
Report to Stockholders and are incorporated herein by reference. Our audits also
included the financial statement schedule of The Buckle, Inc., listed in Item
15(a)(2). This financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our
audits. In our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in
relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in
all material respects, the information set forth therein.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Omaha, Nebraska
April 11, 2006

                                    * * * * *

          SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        Allowance for
                                                      Doubtful Accounts
                                                      -----------------
<S>                                                   <C>
Balance, February 2, 2003                             $         217,000

         Amounts charged to costs and expenses                  769,383
         Write-off of uncollectible accounts                   (805,383)
                                                      -----------------
Balance, January 31, 2004                                       181,000

         Amounts charged to costs and expenses                  379,281
         Write-off of uncollectible accounts                   (447,281)
                                                      -----------------
Balance, January 29, 2005                                       113,000

         Amounts charged to costs and expenses                  319,377
         Write-off of uncollectible accounts                   (338,377)
                                                      -----------------
Balance, January 28, 2006                             $          94,000
                                                      =================
</TABLE>

                                       20

<PAGE>

                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  PAGE NUMBER OR INCORPORATION
                      EXHIBITS                                            BY REFERENCE TO
---------------------------------------------------------         ----------------------------
<S>                                                               <C>
(3)   Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws.
      (3.1)   Articles of Incorporation                           Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-1
              of The Buckle, Inc. as amended                      No. 33-46294
      (3.1.1) Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
              of The Buckle, Inc.
      (3.2)   By-Laws of The Buckle, Inc.                         Exhibit 3.2 to Form S-1
                                                                  No. 33-46294

(4)   Instruments defining the rights of security
      holders, including indentures

      (4.1)   See Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 for provisions of
              the Articles of Incorporation and By-laws
              of the Registrant defining rights of
              holders of Common Stock of the registrant

      (4.2)   Form of stock certificate for Common Stock          Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-1
                                                                  No. 33-46294
(9)   Not applicable

(10)  Material Contracts

      (10.1)  1991 Stock Incentive Plan                           Exhibit 10.1 to Form S-1
                                                                  No. 33-46294

      (10.2)  1991 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan                Exhibit 10.2 to Form S-1
                                                                  No. 33-46294

      (10.3)  Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan and                 Exhibit 10.3 to Form S-1
              Agreement With Dennis Nelson                        No. 33-46294

      (10.4)  Acknowledgment for Dennis H. Nelson dated
              March 20, 2006

      (10.5)  Acknowledgment for James E. Shada dated
              March 20, 2006

      (10.6)  Acknowledgment for Brett P. Milkie dated
              March 20, 2006

      (10.7)  Acknowledgment for Patricia K. Whisler
              dated March 20, 2006

      (10.8)  Acknowledgment for Kari G. Smith dated
              March 20, 2006

      (10.10) Cash or Deferred Profit Sharing Plan                Exhibit 10.10 to Form S-1
                                                                  No. 33-46294
      (10.10.1) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan

      (10.11) Revolving Line of Credit Note dated August          Exhibit 10.11 to Form 10-K
              1, 2003 between The Buckle, Inc. and Wells          filed for the fiscal year ended
              Fargo Bank, N.A. for a $17.5 million line           January 31, 2004
              of credit
</TABLE>

                                       21

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                               <C>
      (10.12) Credit Agreement dated August 1, 2003               Exhibit 10.12 to Form 10-K
              between The Buckle, Inc. and Wells                  filed for the fiscal year ended
              Fargo Bank, N.A, regarding $17.5 million            January 31, 2004
              line of credit for working capital and
              letters of credit.

      (10.17) 1993 Director Stock Option Plan                     Exhibit A to Proxy Statement
                                                                  for Annual Meeting held
                                                                  May 26, 1993

      (10.23) 1997 Executive Stock Option Plan                    Exhibit B to Proxy Statement
                                                                  for Annual Meeting held
                                                                  May 28, 1998

      (10.24) 1998 Restricted Stock Plan                          Exhibit C to Proxy Statement
                                                                  for Annual Meeting held
                                                                  May 28, 1998

      (10.27) 2004 Management Incentive Plan                      Exhibit A to Proxy Statement
                                                                  for Annual Meeting held
                                                                  May 28, 2004

      (10.28) 2005 Executive Incentive Plan                       Exhibit A to Proxy Statement
                                                                  for Annual Meeting held
                                                                  June 2, 2005

(12)  Not applicable

(13)  2005 Annual Report to Stockholders

(18)  Not applicable

(19)  Not applicable

(22)  Not applicable

(23)  Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP

(25)  Not applicable

(28)  Not applicable

(31a) Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
      as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

(31b) Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
      as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

(32)  Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
      as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
</TABLE>

                                       22

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
