<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form10k_123100.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.
<TEXT>

                              AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.
                              Avid Technology Park
                                  One Park West
                               Tewksbury, MA 01876




                                          March 26, 2001





Securities and Exchange Commission
450 Fifth Street, N.W.
Judiciary Plaza
Washington, DC 20549


            Re:   Avid Technology, Inc.
                  File No. 0-21174
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K
                  --------------------------

Ladies and Gentlemen:

      Pursuant  to  regulations  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission,
submitted  herewith  for  filing  on  behalf  of Avid  Technology,  Inc.  is the
Company's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended  December  31,
2000.

      The Company's  financial  statements filed as part of the Form 10-K do not
reflect  a change  from  the  preceding  year in any  accounting  principles  or
practices or in the method of applying such principles or practices.

      This filing is being effected by direct  transmission to the  Commission's
EDGAR System.

                                          Very truly yours,


                                          /s/ Carol E. Kazmer


                                          Carol E. Kazmer
                                          General Counsel

<PAGE>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                    FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
   [X]           ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
            OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED]

                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000

                                       OR

   [  ]        TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
            OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED]

            For the Transition period from             to
                                          ------------    ------------

                         Commission File Number 0-21174

                              AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.

             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

         Delaware                                       04-2977748
   (State or other jurisdiction of                      (I.R.S. Employer
   incorporation or organization)                       Identification No.)

Avid Technology Park, One Park West, Tewksbury, MA      01876
(Address of principal executive offices)                (Zip Code)

                                 (978) 640-6789
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

           Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of The Act:

                                      None

           Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of The Act:

                           Common Stock $.01 Par Value
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required
to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. YES v NO

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

The  aggregate  market value of the voting stock held by  non-affiliates  of the
registrant  was  approximately  $375,804,442  based on the closing  price of the
Common Stock on the NASDAQ National Market on March 19, 2001.

The number of shares  outstanding of the  registrant's  Common Stock as of March
19, 2001, was 25,897,495.

                       Documents Incorporated by Reference

                  Document Description                          10-K Part
                  --------------------                          ---------
   Portions of the Registrant's Proxy Statement for the Annual
      Meeting of Stockholders to be held June 6, 2001...           III

<PAGE>

      This  Annual  Report on Form  10-K  contains  a number of  forward-looking
statements.  Any  statements  contained  herein  (including  without  limitation
statements  to the effect  that Avid or its  management  "believes",  "expects",
"anticipates",  "plans"  and similar  expressions)  that are not  statements  of
historical  fact should be considered  forward-looking  statements.  There are a
number of important  factors that could cause  Avid's  actual  results to differ
materially  from  those  indicated  by such  forward-looking  statements.  These
factors include,  without  limitation,  those set forth in "Certain Factors That
May Affect Future Results."


                                      PART I
ITEM 1.           BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

      The Company develops, markets, sells and supports a wide range of software
and systems for digital media production,  management and distribution.  Digital
media are media elements,  whether video, audio or graphics, in which the image,
sound or picture is recorded and stored as digital values, as opposed to analog,
or tape-based,  signals.  Our product and service  offerings enable customers to
"Make, Manage and Move Media".

      Make  Media. To make media,  we offer  digital,  nonlinear  video and film
editing  systems to enable  customers  to edit  moving  pictures  and sound in a
faster,  easier, more creative,  and more  cost-effective  manner than by use of
traditional  analog  tape-based  systems.  (Nonlinear  systems  allow editors to
access material  randomly rather than requiring them to work  sequentially.)  To
complement these nonlinear editing systems, we develop and sell a range of image
manipulation products that allow users in the video and film post-production and
broadcast  markets to create  graphics  and  special  effects for use in feature
films, television shows and advertising, and news programs. The products include
3-D and special effects software products developed by our Softimage subsidiary.
We  also  offer  digital  audio  systems   through  our   Digidesign   division.
Digidesign's audio systems have applications in music, film, television,  video,
broadcast, streaming media, and web development, as well as in home and hobbyist
markets.  These  systems  are  based  upon  proprietary   Digidesign/Avid  audio
hardware, software, and control surfaces, and permit users to record, edit, mix,
process, and master audio in an integrated manner.

      Manage Media. We provide complete network, storage, and database solutions
based on our Avid Unity MediaNet  technology.  This technology  enables users to
share  and  manage  media  assets   throughout  a  project  or   throughout   an
organization.  The  ability to  effectively  manage  digital  media  assets is a
critical  component  for success for many  broadcast  and media  companies  with
multiple  product  lines.  Accordingly,  we have  designed  our products to work
together in the network,  storage,  and database  environment,  allowing for the
sharing of data and increasing the effectiveness of our customers' workflow. Our
key  technologies  help our  customers to reduce costs and increase the value of
their media  assets by letting them easily and quickly  "repurpose"  or find new
uses or markets  for their  assets.  We intend to  increase  our  network  based
services   offerings  and  develop  this  area  into  an   incremental   revenue
opportunity.

      Move Media.  We offer  products that allow  customers to distribute  their
final  product.  We believe  that the Internet will become a  significant  new
content  distribution  channel and we are  continuing to invest in this area. We
develop and sell  Internet  infrastructure  products to support the broadcast of
streaming  Internet video, and continue to integrate new  capabilities  into our
core  products  designed  for  the  Internet   environment,   enabling  Internet
publishing and Internet video and audio streaming capabilities.  In addition, we
now provide  technology  for playback  directly to air for broadcast  television
applications.

      Our  products  are  used  worldwide  in  production  and   post-production
facilities, film studios, network,  affiliate,  independent and cable television
stations,  recording studios,  advertising agencies,  government and educational
institutions, corporate communication departments, and by Internet professionals
and hobbyists.  Projects produced using our products--from major motion pictures
and prime-time  television to music, video, and marquee recording  artists--have
been honored with Oscar(R),  Emmy(R), and Grammy(R) awards, as well as a host of
other international awards. (Oscar is a registered trademark and service mark of
the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.  Emmy is a registered trademark
of  ATAS/NATAS.  Grammy is a registered  trademark  of The  National  Academy of
Recording Arts and Sciences, Inc.)


                                       2
<PAGE>

DIGITAL MEDIA CONTENT MARKETS

      Digital formats and tools have largely  displaced analog processes in many
markets, such as word processing,  electronic spreadsheets,  desktop publishing,
graphics,  and  electronic and mechanical  design.  Because of more  challenging
technical and cost hurdles in handling  digital forms of film,  video, and audio
signals, markets that rely on these media types have begun to migrate to digital
formats and tools only in recent years.  As technical  advances in digital media
content-creation tools have made this migration possible, users have become able
to create more complex content that can incorporate  several elements of digital
media. For example,  many video games now include live action video, detailed 3D
graphics, and high quality audio, all created,  manipulated,  and played back in
digital form.  Feature films,  such as "Crouching  Tiger,  Hidden  Dragon," "The
Matrix," and "Gladiator,"  integrate  sophisticated  computer-generated  special
effects into traditional live action shots.

      We currently  participate  in two  principal  markets  transitioning  from
well-established analog content-creation  processes to digital  content-creation
tools.  Both  of  these  markets,   video  and  film  editing  and  effects  and
professional  audio,  are  beginning  to use the  Internet  to  collaborate  and
distribute video and audio content.

      Our video and film  editing and  effects market  consists of  professional
users,  over-the-air and cable broadcast companies,  and corporate,  government,
and educational  users.  Professional  users include  independent  production or
post-production  companies that produce video and film material, such as feature
films,  commercials,   entertainment  and  documentary  programming,  industrial
videos, and music videos. Professional users also include professional character
animators  and video  game  developers.  Professional  users  are also  found in
television facilities, film studios, and certain large corporations that perform
digital  media  production  and  post-production  in-house.  A wide  variety  of
companies  originate  news  programming,  including  national and  international
broadcasters,  such as the  British  Broadcasting  Corporation,  the Cable  News
Network,  the  American  Broadcasting  Company,  and the  National  Broadcasting
Company, as well as network affiliates,  local independent  television stations,
web news  providers and local and regional  cable  operators  which produce news
programming.  Users in corporations and various other institutional settings use
digital media content tools to distribute  information  enriched by the addition
of digital media content to their customers and employees.

      Our  professional  audio market consists of  professional  music recording
studios, project studios, radio broadcasters,  and home studios. Music recording
and project studios operate in the same manner as the independent production and
post-production   firms  described  above.   This  market  also  includes  audio
production and post-production in video and film.

ACQUISITIONS IN THE DIGITAL BROADCAST MARKET

      We have made two  recent  acquisitions,  which we believe  strengthen  our
position in the emerging  digital newsroom and broadcast  markets.  In September
2000,  we  acquired  the  assets of Pluto  Technologies  International  Inc.,  a
provider  of  video  storage  and  networking  solutions  for  broadcast,  news,
post-production,  and other markets requiring  significant  bandwidth  capacity.
This acquisition  complements our broadcast  offerings and enables  customers to
more easily adopt  nonlinear  technology for digital  production,  storage,  and
delivery,  particularly in broadcast news  environments.  Pluto products include
the AirSPACE  product line of record and playback  digital media servers.  These
products  permit  broadcasters  and news  entities to  manipulate  and  transmit
digital  media  directly to air. In January  2001,  we  acquired  the  remaining
membership  units in AvStar  Systems LLC, a joint venture that we had originally
established on a 50-50 basis with Tektronix,  Inc. (which  subsequently sold its
interest to Grass Valley Group, Inc.) to focus on developing the next generation
of newsroom  computer  systems  products by combining both  companies'  newsroom
computer systems technology and certain personnel. (Since September 2000, AvStar
has been doing business as iNews, LLC.)

STRATEGY

      Our mission is to be the leading provider of rich media creation tools and
services used to make,  manage and move digital media. Our strategy  consists of
four key elements:

Maintain a Leading Position in Existing Markets

      We continue  to focus on markets  where  digital  media  content  creation
already  takes place,  and we believe we enjoy a leadership  position in each of
these primary  markets.  These include  professional  video and film editing and
effects,  including film and television  studios and independent  production and
post-production  firms,  the  music  and audio  production  and  post-production
markets.  We plan to  strengthen  these  positions  by  enhancing  our  existing
products;  by introducing  new products that satisfy a broader range of customer
needs in these markets,  through internal  development,  joint  development with
third parties or through  acquisitions;  and by continuing to provide  excellent
customer service, support and training.

                                       3
<PAGE>

Play a Major Role in Internet Publishing and Distribution

     We believe  that the  Internet  is one of the most  important  new  content
distribution   channels   for   corporate   markets   up  to   the   highest-end
post-production.  In  1999,  we  released  Avid  Unity  MediaNet,  a set of open
networking and central storage  technologies that enable real-time  simultaneous
sharing of high-bandwidth  media. In 2000, we introduced the Trilligent Cluster,
a turnkey  streaming  media system with the ability to serve many  simultaneous,
high-quality  video and  audio  streams  at a low cost to  users,  giving it the
potential   to  be  an  important   component   of  the  edge  server   Internet
infrastructure.  (Edge servers enable the  distribution of large amounts of rich
content - including  streaming audio and video,  large  downloadable  files, and
application   services  -  over  the   Internet.)   In  2000,  we  introduced  a
comprehensive  editing and publishing  solution,  Avid Xpress DV, which delivers
rich  content-creation  capabilities for the emerging Internet broadcast market.
Avid Xpress DV was developed as a turnkey  DV-based video editing and publishing
solution  for use on the IBM  IntelliStation.  In early  2001 we  released  this
product on the Dell  platform,  and we expect to  release  it on other  hardware
platforms,  as well as to release a software-only version later in 2001. Also in
2000, we enabled  Internet  publishing  across our entire film and video editing
product line by including Internet streaming  capabilities in our Media Composer
10.0,  Symphony 3.0, NewsCutter Effects 2.0, NewsCutter XP 1.0, Avid Xpress 4.0,
and Avid Xpress DV products.

Extend Technology to Analog-Based Market Sectors

      We  believe  that  we have  established  unit  and  revenue  market  share
leadership positions in the professional video and film digital editing markets,
the digital audio market, and the markets for broadcast digital news editing. To
strengthen these positions and further increase our overall market share, we are
specifically  targeting  market sectors that are currently  analog-based.  As an
example,  we believe that  expansion  opportunity  exists in television  on-line
editing,  which is the final piece of the post-production  process that today is
still  mainly  tape-based.  We  believe  that  because  digital  solutions  more
efficiently and cost-effectively  address the needs of this editing process than
their  analog  counterparts,   tape  will  ultimately  be  replaced  by  digital
solutions.  Market sectors that are primarily analog-based,  and which we intend
to pursue,  include  broadcast news,  corporate and industrial  video, and audio
mixing, mastering and tracking.

Promote  Interoperability  of Avid  Products and  Develop  Open  and  Integrated
Workflow Solutions

      We design  our  products so that they are based on and can work with major
industry-wide  standards,   including  computer  platforms,  operating  systems,
networking protocols,  data compression,  and digital media handling formats. We
have been a leader in defining and developing the Advanced  Authoring Format, or
AAF, a multimedia file format that enables  content  creators to easily exchange
digital media and information about the media, or metadata, across platforms and
between  systems  and   applications.   Derived  from  Avid's  open  media  file
interchange (OMFI) technology and the work of a EBU/SMPTE Taskforce, a taskforce
comprised  of members from the  European  Broadcasting  Union and the Society of
Motion Picture and Television Engineers,  the AAF saves time, simplifies project
management,  and preserves  valuable metadata that can be lost when transferring
media  between   applications.   In  February  2000,  the  AAF  Association,   a
broadly-based  trade  association  that promotes the development and adoption of
AAF  throughout  the media  industry,  was  founded by Avid,  BBC,  CNN,  Turner
Entertainment  Networks,  Discreet  Logic,  Matrox,  LTD,  Microsoft,   Pinnacle
Systems, Quantel, Sony, US National Imaging & Mapping Agency, and Four Media
Company (4MC, now Liberty Media).

      In order to address the needs for collaboration and efficient  workflow in
a wide-area  network,  or WAN,  environment,  we  launched a new website,  Avid
Production Network, or AvidProNet,  which provides  solutions-oriented  content,
community,  and services that extend and enhance our core product offerings. The
overall  vision for this service is to develop  Virtual  Production  Environment
services and products - integrated solutions that allow for content creation and
management of both workflow and assets from the Avid desktop to the WAN/Internet
and then  back to the Avid  desktop.  The  first of these  services,  AvidProNet
Review &  Approval, or R&A, was  launched  in February  2001.  R&A is the  first
Internet,  browser-based  application for frame-accurate  review and approval of
video and  audio  content  which can be  integrated  directly  into the  editing
process. In addition,  the website has served as a gathering place of choice for
the community of digital content-creation  professionals, as well as a source of
industry  information  and  services.  We plan to launch  Digidesign  Production
Network  (DigiProNet)  during 2001.  DigiProNet will be a full-featured  service
center for audio professionals and is intended to complement AvidProNet.


                                       4
<PAGE>

PRODUCTS

      The following lists our products within the two principal markets in which
they are sold. A description  follows of the major products and product families
in each of these categories.

Video and Film Editing and Effects Products

Media Composer for Macintosh and Windows NT Platofrms

      Our Media Composer product is a computer-based digital,  nonlinear editing
system designed  primarily for use by professional  film and video editors.  The
Media Composer  system  converts visual and audio source material from tape to a
digital format and stores the converted material on a range of hard disk storage
devices. Once digitized,  the stored media can be previewed,  edited, and played
back.  The Media  Composer  family of  products  is used to create  high-quality
productions  such as television  shows and  commercials,  feature  films,  music
videos,  corporate videos,  and other  non-broadcast  finished videos. The Media
Composer product line includes three models, the Media Composer  Off-line,  1000
and 9000,  which provide  various  levels of capability and  functionality.  The
Media Composer product is our original product offering and still accounts for a
significant portion of our revenues.  We believe that the Media Composer product
line holds a greater unit market share than any other digital  nonlinear editing
system in professional video editing markets.

Avid Symphony

      The Avid Symphony product line offerings are on-line editing and finishing
systems  targeted  at  high-end  post-production  such as  primetime  television
programs and nationally  broadcast  commercials.  These products are designed to
finish  high-end  editorial  projects,  which  are  "off-lined",  or put  into a
narrative story format, on Media Composer and traditionally finished in a linear
suite.  The Avid Symphony line uses the Windows NT operating system and delivers
all of the proven Media Composer editing functionality plus higher-end finishing
tools  such as  advanced  scene-to-scene  color  correction  and  24P  Universal
Mastering.

Film Composer for Macintosh and Windows NT Platforms

      The  Film  Composer product is a 24  frames-per-second,  or fps,  editing
system for  projects  that  originate  and finish on film.  Film  footage can be
converted  to video  signals for  editing,  but because  video runs at different
speeds - 30 fps in the United States, and 25 fps in other countries - a standard
30 or 25 fps video  editing  system  does not yield an  accurate 24 fps film cut
list from which to edit a final master of the film.  The Film Composer  includes
software  that  determines  which frames on the videotape are actual frames from
the film source material and allows the creation of a  frame-accurate  cut list.
The Film Composer  software also includes  special features to meet the specific
needs of film  editors.  We believe  Film  Composer  holds a greater unit market
share than any other  digital  nonlinear  editing  system in  professional  film
editing markets.

Avid|DS

      Originally developed by our Softimage subsidiary, the Avid|DS product is a
comprehensive,  nonlinear production system for creating, editing, and finishing
effects-intensive  short  projects,  such as  commercials  and music videos.  It
combines a rich set of tools for video and audio editing,  compositing,  effects
generation,  image treatment,  and project  management,  all integrated within a
unified  architecture  and common  user  interface,  running  on the  Windows NT
platform.  With Avid|DS,  digital artists have access to a comprehensive toolset
with the capability of processing  uncompressed video, combined with a choice of
third-party  hardware  platforms.  We released an HD version of Avid|DS in early
2001.

Avid Xpress for Macintosh and Windows NT Platforms

      The Avid  Xpress  product is a digital,  nonlinear  video  editing  system
designed  to meet the  needs of media  professionals  and  video/film  educators
involved  with video and  multimedia  production  for a variety of  distribution
mediums  including  videotape,  CD-ROM  and  the  Internet.  Avid  Xpress  has a
streamlined user interface and editing model targeted for this category of user.
As a less  expensive  product  than the Media  Composer,  Symphony,  and Avid|DS
systems, Avid Xpress targets a broader potential customer base.



                                       5
<PAGE>

Avid Xpress DV for Windows NT Platforms

      The Avid Xpress DV product is a digital, nonlinear  video  editing  system
designed to offer the professional  quality and sophistication of an Avid system
at a lower  cost.  Avid  Xpress  DV is  designed  to meet  the  needs  of  media
professionals, Internet video developers, and video/film educators involved with
video and multimedia  production for a variety of distribution mediums including
videotape,  CD-ROM  and the  Internet.  Avid  Xpress DV has a  streamlined  user
interface  and editing  model,  and is targeted for DV-format  based  production
environments  where cost is a major factor.  We plan to release a laptop version
of Avid Xpress DV in 2001, which will bring  portability to our industry leading
products.

NewsCutter Effects

      Our NewsCutter  Effects  product is a  computer-based  digital,  nonlinear
video editing system designed to meet the demands of television news production.
The NewsCutter  Effects system uses the popular DVCPro media compression  format
and is built on a Windows NT-based computer platform. NewsCutter Effects enables
broadcast  news editors to edit news and news  features.  The user interface for
NewsCutter  Effects  has  been  designed  for  fast,  easy  editing  to meet the
time-critical demands of daily news deadlines. Based on the same core technology
as the Media Composer  system,  the NewsCutter  Effects system offers a range of
editing and effects  features.  NewsCutter  Effects can operate as a stand-alone
editing system or in a news production workgroup with a playback system.

NewsCutter XP

      Our  NewsCutter  XP  product  significantly  expands  the  reach  of   the
NewsCutter  product line,  and has been designed as a nonlinear  editing  system
aimed   primarily  at  the  novice  or  non-editor   news   professional.   This
journalist-editor  workstation offers editing  functionality,  effects features,
and customizable computer desktop settings. To provide scalability,  there is an
upgrade available from the NewsCutter XP to a full NewsCutter Effects should the
customer's work environment  change. We plan to release a laptop version of this
product later in 2001.

Avid AirSPACE, VideoSPACE and HyperSPACE

      Originally  developed by Pluto Technologies  International  Inc., which we
acquired  in the third  quarter of 2000,  AirSPACE,  VideoSPACE  and  HyperSPACE
provide us with end-to-end  broadcast solutions from ingest to editing,  storage
and playback.  These products have been among the industry's leaders in HDTV and
SDTV  broadcast  and  post-production  server  solutions.   When  combined  with
NewsCutter XP and the Avid Unity for News products, the AirSPACE product line is
becoming a preference among servers for news applications.

SOFTIMAGE|XSI

      Our  SOFTIMAGE|XSI  product,  which  builds  on our  earlier  SOFTIMAGE|3D
product  and  provides  additional  capabilities,   is  Avid's  next  generation
nonlinear  animation  system.  This complete,  versatile toolset is designed for
digital  artists in the film,  games,  interactive,  and  broadcast  industries.
SOFTIMAGE|XSI  v.1.5 lays a foundation  that allows the modern digital artist to
innovate,  create, and collaborate in today's character generation  marketplace.
SOFTIMAGE|XSI  runs on Intel  and AMD  certified  Windows  NT and  Windows  2000
platforms as well as IRIX platforms.

SOFTIMAGE|3D

      Our  SOFTIMAGE|3D  product is a content  creation  tool for 3-D  character
animation and special  effects in the film,  commercial,  and games  development
markets.  SOFTIMAGE|3D  features  robust,  production-proven  organic  modeling,
legendary character animation tools, and high-quality  photorealistic  rendering
and is well  known for its  intuitive,  animation-oriented  workflow.  Tools are
specifically  designed for  integration  into the overall  production  pipeline,
providing  rapid,  high-quality  results to meet the most  demanding  deadlines.
SOFTIMAGE|3D runs on Intel and  AMD-certified  Windows NT, Windows 2000 and IRIX
platforms.

Storage Systems

      We offer a family of media  storage  solutions  for use with our  systems.
Storage  systems  are used to add media  editing or playback  capacity,  improve
image quality,  support workgroup media sharing, and protect media from loss due
to hardware failure. We purchase disk drives, tape drives, and storage enclosure
sub-systems  from  third-party  manufacturers,  integrate  them,  enhance  their
performance, test and certify them for use with our systems, and package them in
various  configurations.  These  storage  systems  range in  capacity  from nine
gigabytes to well over five terabytes (5,000 gigabytes).



                                       6
<PAGE>

Avid Unity MediaNet

      Avid  Unity  MediaNet  is a set of open  networking  and  central  storage
technologies  based on an  advanced  media file system  that  enables  realtime,
simultaneous  sharing of  high-bandwidth  media.  Avid Unity  MediaNet  connects
editors,  artists, sound designers, and effects specialists throughout a digital
facility  to  the  same  network,   significantly  improving  workflow,  raising
productivity,  and  enhancing  creativity  by  eliminating  many of the routine,
mechanical tasks associated with managing  today's  part-linear,  part-nonlinear
post-production  process.  Included in Avid Unity  MediaNet are  advanced  media
transfer   utilities  and   server-assisted   shared   storage  and   networking
technologies, providing support for a wide range of applications and platforms.

Trilligent Cluster

      The Trilligent  Cluster is a turnkey  streaming media system  optimized to
reliably deliver high-bandwidth content over the Internet. Its high performance,
linear  scalability,   and  ease-of-use  capabilities  allow  streaming  service
providers,  content delivery  networks,  and content hosts to rapidly distribute
high quality,  dynamic  content over the Internet.  The Trilligent  Cluster is a
streaming  Internet  platform  that  supports  up to 5,000  megabits  per second
sustained streaming bandwidth and provides seven terabytes of on-line storage at
its full  configuration.  This  power  is  equivalent  to the live or  on-demand
delivery  of more than  10,000  unique  500k  broadband  streams and the on-line
storage of tens of thousands of hours of broadband  content.  At the core of the
Trilligent  Cluster is distributed  file server software  running in conjunction
with  a  storage  area  network.   This  combination   produces  extremely  high
performance and enables  real-time,  shared media access by eliminating the need
to replicate disks and manage content between media servers.

Professional Audio Products

Pro Tools

      Developed  by  our  Digidesign  division,  the  Pro  Tools  product  is  a
multi-track,  nonlinear  digital  audio  workstation  that  runs  on Mac OS- and
Windows-based  personal  computers.  Pro Tools provides solutions for the entire
audio production process, including sound synthesis,  recording, editing, signal
processing,  integrated  surround mixing, and mastering.  Pro Tools users are in
the  consumer,  prosumer  and  professional  music,  film,  television,   radio,
multimedia, DVD, and Internet production markets. Digidesign offers Pro Tools in
a variety of configurations,  ranging from Digi ToolBox and Digi 001 systems for
home music  studios,  to  high-end  Pro  Tools|24  MIX and  MIXplus  systems for
professional  music  and  post  production.  Pro  Tools  also  supports  a  rich
development  architecture,  with more than 100  development  partners  providing
additional software and hardware solutions for the Digidesign platform.

ProControl

      ProControl  is  Digidesign's  high-quality,  expandable  hardware  control
surface for hands-on access to the recording,  editing, processing, and surround
mixing capabilities of Pro Tools software.  ProControl connects to Pro Tools via
high-speed  Ethernet,  and allows full control of Pro Tools  functions  with its
patented faders and dedicated switches,  character displays  and knobs. With its
modular design, ProControl can be customized to fit any studio, providing from 8
channels to 48 channels of simultaneous  control.  The upcoming Edit Pack option
will integrate  control of advanced  editing and surround mixing  features,  and
make ProControl a comprehensive front end for professional Pro Tools systems. In
early 2001,  Digidesign  released  Control|24,  a control  surface that combines
hands-on  access to Pro Tools  software  features  and  high-quality  microphone
preamplifiers from Focusrite Audio Engineering,  Ltd., a leading manufacturer of
analog  processing  equipment.   Control|24  communicates  with  Pro  Tools  via
Ethernet, and provides control of virtually every Pro Tools function. Control|24
is a 24-channel,  fixed-size control surface,  designed for music production and
broadcast applications.

AVoption and AVoption|XL

      The AVoption and AVoption|XL  products are hardware  options for Pro Tools
systems that allow the user to record,  edit and process sound synchronized with
Avid-format, nonlinear digital video. Designed for post production professionals
working in film, TV, and video,  these options  enable  capture,  playback,  and
basic editing of  broadcast-quality  picture from projects  originating  on Avid
Media  Composer,  Film Composer and Symphony  systems.  AVoption and AVoption|XL
also include DigiTranslator,  a software utility that provides users with a high
level of media and metadata interchange with any Avid-compatible system.


                                       7
<PAGE>

SALES AND SERVICE

      We market  and sell our  solutions  through a  combination  of direct  and
indirect sales channels,  covering a range of industries  that Make,  Manage and
Move Media in the United States, Europe, Asia and throughout the world.

      From our traditional stronghold in the high-end  post-production market to
broadcast news,  low-cost  post-production,  and streaming media  solutions,  we
ensure  balanced  market and geographic  sales  coverage.  Our products are sold
primarily  through  a  network  of  more  than  450  independent   distributors,
value-added resellers and dealers.  These channels are supplemented by a team of
Avid sales representatives directly serving select customers and markets.

      We also provide both direct and indirect customer  support.  Our customers
are served directly through regional  telephone support centers and major-market
field service  representatives,  supplemented by strategically  located dealers,
value-added  resellers and authorized  third-party service providers.  Customers
may choose  from a variety of support  offerings,  including  24 hour  telephone
support,  quick-response  on-site assistance,  hardware replacement and software
upgrades. Customer training is available directly from us or through field-based
authorized third-party Avid training centers.

MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLIERS

      Our  manufacturing   operations   consist  primarily  of  the  testing  of
subassemblies  and components  purchased from third parties,  the duplication of
software,  and the configuration,  assembly and testing of board sets, software,
related hardware  components,  and complete systems. We also rely on independent
contractors to manufacture  components and subassemblies to our  specifications.
Our systems undergo testing and quality assurance at the final assembly stage.

      We are dependent  on a number  of sole  source  vendors  for  certain  key
hardware  components  of our  products.  These  components  include:  (i)  video
compression  chips  manufactured by C-Cube  Microsystems;  (ii) a small computer
systems interface  ("SCSI")  accelerator board from ATTO Technology;  (iii) a 3D
digital video effects board from Pinnacle  Systems;  (iv)  application  specific
integrated  circuits  ("ASICS")  from Chip  Express  and LSI Logic;  (v) digital
signal  processing  integrated  circuits  from  Motorola;  (vi) a fibre  channel
adapter card from JNI;  (vii) a fibre  channel  storage  array from the Clariion
division of EMC;  (viii) a PCI expansion  chassis from SBS  Technologies,  Inc.;
(ix) a fixed programmable gate array from Quicklogic;  (x) digital to analog and
analog to digital  converter  integrated  circuits  from  Cirrus  Logic;  (xi) a
peripheral  component  interconnect bridge integrated circuits from Intel Corp.;
and (xii)  analog  switches and op amps from Analog  Devices.  (The Company also
manufactures  certain circuit boards under license from a subsidiary of Pinnacle
Systems.)  For the risks  associated  with our reliance  upon  certain  vendors,
please see "Certain Factors that May Effect Future Results" below.

      We have  manufacturing  facilities  in Tewksbury,  Massachusetts;  Dublin,
Ireland; Boulder,  Colorado;  Madison,  Wisconsin; and Palo Alto and Menlo Park,
California.  The  Company has also  contracted  with  third-party  manufacturing
facilities for certain component parts.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

      Our research and  development  efforts are focused on the  development  of
digital media  content-creation  tools and workgroup  solutions  that operate on
Windows NT-based, IRIX-based, and Apple computers. This includes the development
and enhancement of best-in-class  video, film, 3-D animation,  and audio editing
systems  to meet the needs of  professionals  in the  television,  film,  music,
broadcast  news  production,  and  industrial  post-production  markets,  and of
end-users in the  educational  and  corporate  markets.  As these  digital tools
proliferate,  all-digital  production cycles are becoming possible. Our research
and  development   efforts   therefore  also  include   networking  and  storage
initiatives to deliver standards-based media transfer and media asset management
tools,  as well as standalone  and  network-attached  media storage  systems for
workgroups.  Increasingly,  we design our  systems to be  Internet-enabled  with
technology  for encoding and streaming  media to the Internet.  Our research and
development operations are in Tewksbury,  Massachusetts; Palo Alto, Santa Clara,
and  Santa  Monica,  California;  Boulder,  Colorado;  Madison,  Wisconsin;  and
Montreal, Canada.

                                       8
<PAGE>

COMPETITION

      The markets for our products are highly  competitive  and subject to rapid
change.  Competition  is fragmented  with a large number of suppliers  providing
different types of products to different markets.

      In the video and film editing and effects market, we encounter competition
primarily from vendors that offer similar digital production and post-production
editing,  effects,  and animation products based on standard computer platforms.
Our  competitors  in the  digital  production  and  post-production  editing and
effects markets include Discreet Logic (a division of Autodesk, Inc.), Media 100
Inc.,  Apple  Computer,  Quantel,   Alias/Wavefront  (a  subsidiary  of  Silicon
Graphics),  Panasonic (a subsidiary of Matsushita),  Pinnacle Systems, Inc., and
Sony Corporation.  Our animation competitors include Discreet,  Alias/Wavefront,
and  NewTech.  We also  compete  with  vendors  that offer  editing  and effects
products for  originators of broadcast news. Our broadcast  competitors  include
Associated  Press,  Sony,  Panasonic,  Grass Valley,  and Leitch. In the storage
market, our competitors  include EMC, Transoft (HP), Medea, Rorke Data, and Jems
Data.  We also compete with vendors  that  generally  have offered  analog-based
products,  such as Sony and Matsushita.  We expect that  competition  from these
vendors  will  increase to the extent that such  vendors  develop and  introduce
digital media products.

      In the professional  audio market,  we compete  primarily with traditional
analog and digital  recording and/or mixing system suppliers  including  Alesis,
Euphonix,  Mackie Designs,  and Yamaha as well as other disk-based digital audio
system suppliers  including  Fairlight,  Roland,  Steinberg,  Studio/Audio/Video
(SADie),  and  others.  In  addition,  companies  such  as  Creative  Technology
currently  provide  low-cost  (under $500) digital audio playback cards targeted
primarily at the personal  computer game market.  There can be no assurance that
these  companies  will  not also  introduce  products  that  are  more  directly
competitive with our products.

      We may also face competition in one or both of these markets in the future
from computer manufacturers, such as Compaq, Apple, Accom, Hewlett-Packard, IBM,
EMC, and Silicon Graphics,  as well as from software vendors, such as Oracle and
Sybase.  All of these companies have announced their intentions to enter some or
all of our target  markets,  including,  specifically,  the  broadcast  news and
special  effects  sectors of the video and film editing and effects  market.  In
addition,  certain developers of shrink-wrapped digital media software products,
such as Adobe and  Macromedia,  either offer or have  announced  video and audio
editing products which may compete with certain of our products.

      The  primary  competitive  factors  in  all  of  our  market  sectors  are
price/performance,  functionality,  product  quality,  reputation,  product line
breadth,  access to distribution  channels,  customer service and support, brand
name awareness, and ease of use.

EMPLOYEES

      The Company employed 1,629 people as of December 31, 2000.

ITEM 2.   PROPERTIES

      The Company's principal administrative,  sales and marketing, research and
development, support, and manufacturing facilities are located in three adjacent
buildings in an office park located in Tewksbury,  Massachusetts.  Our leases on
these buildings  expire in June 2010. In September 2000, we arranged to sublease
a portion of this space to an unrelated company. The sublease expires in 2003.

      We also lease facilities in Dublin, Ireland, Boulder,  Colorado,  Madison,
Wisconsin,  and Palo Alto and Menlo Park,  California  for the  manufacture  and
distribution  of our  products.  We  currently  lease office space in Palo Alto,
California  housing our Digidesign  headquarters,  including  administrative and
research and  development  activities,  and have  recently  negotiated an 8-year
lease for space in Daly City, California to house these activities commencing in
the third quarter of 2001.

      Additionally,  we lease a  facility  in  Montreal,  Canada,  which  houses
certain administrative, research and development, and support operations.

      In September  1995, our United Kingdom  subsidiary  entered into a 15-year
lease in  London,  England.  We  vacated  this  property  in 1999 as part of our
corporate restructuring actions, and have currently sublet all of this space. We
also  maintain  sales and  marketing  support  offices in leased  facilities  in
various other locations throughout the world.

      We anticipate  that our leased  facilities  will be adequate for our needs
during 2001.


                                       9
<PAGE>

ITEM 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

      On June 7, 1995,  we filed a patent  infringement  complaint in the United
States   District  Court  for  the  District  of   Massachusetts   against  Data
Translation,  Inc.  (now known as Media 100),  a  Marlboro,  Massachusetts-based
company.  We are seeking  judgment  against Data  Translation  that, among other
things,  Data Translation has willfully  infringed our patent number  5,045,940,
entitled  "Video/Audio  Transmission  System and Method." We are also seeking an
award of treble damages together with prejudgment  interest and costs, our costs
and  reasonable   attorneys'   fees,  and  an  injunction  to  prohibit  further
infringement  by Data  Translation.  The litigation  has been dismissed  without
prejudice  (with  leave to refile),  pending a decision  by the U.S.  Patent and
Trademark Office on a reissue patent application based on the issued patent.

      On March 11, 1996,  we were named as a defendant in a patent  infringement
suit filed in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas
by Combined Logic Company,  a California  partnership  located in Beverly Hills,
California.  On May 16,  1996,  the suit was  transferred  to the United  States
District  Court for the Southern  District of New York.  The  complaint  alleges
infringement  by us of U.S. patent number  4,258,385,  issued in 1981, and seeks
injunctive  relief,  treble damages and costs,  and attorneys'  fees. We believe
that we have  meritorious  defenses  to the  complaint  and intend to contest it
vigorously.  However,  an adverse  resolution of this  litigation  could have an
adverse effect on our consolidated  financial  position or results of operations
in the period in which the  litigation  is resolved.  No costs have been accrued
for this possible loss contingency.

      In  March  1999,  we  and   Tektronix,   Inc.  were  sued  by  Glen  Holly
Entertainment,   Inc.,  a  Tektronix  distributor,   claiming  that  Tektronix's
discontinuance  of its  Lightworks  product  line was the result of a  strategic
alliance by Tektronix and Avid. Glen Holly has raised antitrust and other common
law causes of action against us, and seeks lost future profits,  treble damages,
attorneys' fees, and interest.  The case is currently in discovery and trial has
been set for June 2001.  We view the  complaint  as without  merit and intend to
defend ourselves  vigorously.  However, an adverse resolution of this litigation
could have an adverse effect on our consolidated  financial  position or results
of operations in the period in which the  litigation is resolved.  No costs have
been accrued for this possible loss contingency.

      We receive  inquiries  from time to time with  regard to  possible  patent
infringement  claims.  These inquiries are generally referred to counsel. If any
infringement  is determined to exist,  we may seek licenses or  settlements.  In
addition,  as a normal incidence of the nature of our business,  various claims,
charges,  and litigation have been asserted or commenced against us arising from
or related to contractual or employee  relations or product  performance.  We do
not believe  such claims will have a material  adverse  effect on the  financial
position or results of operations of the Company.

ITEM 4.   SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

      No matters were  submitted  to a vote of the  Company's  security  holders
during the last quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.


                                       10
<PAGE>

                         EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY

Set forth below is (i) the name and age of each present executive officer of the
Company; (ii) the position(s) presently held by each person named; and (iii) the
principal occupation held by each person named for at least the past five years.


EXECUTIVE OFFICER             AGE                  POSITION(S)

David Krall                    40        President and Chief Executive Officer

Paul J. Milbury                52        Vice President and Chief
                                         Financial Officer

David R. Froker                45        Vice President and General
                                         Manager, Digidesign

Joseph Bentivegna              40        Vice President and General Manager,
                                         Avid Media Solutions

Charles L. Smith               40        Vice President of Worldwide Sales,
                                         Marketing & Service

Michael J. Rockwell            34        Vice President and General Manager,
                                         Avid Internet Solutions, Chief
                                         Technology Officer

Carol L. Reid                  53        Vice President and Corporate Controller

Ethan E. Jacks                 47        Vice President of Business Development,
                                         Chief Legal Officer and Corporate
                                         Secretary

--------------------

DAVID KRALL.  Mr. Krall is  currently  the  Company's  President  (appointed  in
October 1999) and Chief Executive Officer (appointed in April 2000).  Previously
he served as Avid's  Chief  Operating  Officer  from October 1999 to April 2000.
Prior to that,  Mr.  Krall served in various  capacities  at  Digidesign:  Chief
Operating  Officer of Digidesign  from July 1998 to October 1999, Vice President
of  Engineering  from June 1996 to July 1998 and Director of Program  Management
from May 1995 to June 1996.

PAUL J. MILBURY.  Mr. Milbury was appointed  Vice President and Chief  Financial
Officer in December 2000. Prior to that time, he was Chief Financial  Officer of
iBelong.com, Inc. from April 2000 to December 2000, and of JuniorNet Corporation
from  October  1998 to April 2000.  Mr.  Milbury  also spent 19 years at Digital
Equipment  Corporation (now Compaq Computer Corporation) where in 1995 he became
Vice President and Treasurer.

DAVID R.  FROKER.  Mr.  Froker has been Vice  President  and General  Manager of
Digidesign  since January 1997.  Prior to serving in his present  position,  Mr.
Froker served in various capacities at Digidesign: General Manager from May 1996
to January 1997,  Vice  President  Product  Marketing from September 1995 to May
1996, and Vice President,  Business Development from May 1994 to September 1995.
From  November  1987 to July 1993 Mr.  Froker held various  positions in Product
Marketing and Business  Strategy for Amdahl, a maker of mainframe  computers and
storage peripherals.

JOSEPH BENTIVEGNA.  In June 2000 Mr. Bentivegna was appointed Vice President and
General  Manager of Avid  Media  Solutions.  Prior to June 2000 he held  several
other  positions at Avid including Vice President of Worldwide  Operations  from
January 1999 to June 2000, Vice President and General Manager of Asia Operations
from   September   1998  to  January  1999  and  Vice   President  of  Worldwide
Manufacturing  from June 1996 to September 1998. From November 1991 to June 1996
Mr.  Bentivegna  held various  other  positions  at Avid.  Prior to that he held
various  positions in  operations  for Access  Technology,  Inc., a developer of
application software.

                                       11
<PAGE>

CHARLES L. SMITH.  Mr. Smith was appointed Vice President of Worldwide Sales and
Marketing in November 1999. Prior to serving in his present position,  Mr. Smith
served  in  various  capacities  at  Digidesign:  Vice  President  of Sales  and
Marketing  from October 1996 to November 1999,  Vice President of  International
Sales from August 1995 to October 1996, and Managing Director Digidesign UK from
May 1993 to August 1995.

MICHAEL J.  ROCKWELL.  Mr.  Rockwell was  appointed  Vice  President and General
Manager of Avid Internet Solutions in June 2000, and Chief Technology Officer of
Avid in February 2000. Prior to that, Mr. Rockwell had served as Chief Architect
for Software  Engineering  of  Digidesign,  from January 1997 to November  1999.
Prior positions with Digidesign  were Director of Application  Development  from
March 1995 to January 1997 and Director of Multi-Media  Products from April 1994
to March 1995.

CAROL L. REID.  Ms.  Reid joined Avid in  November  1998 as Vice  President  and
Corporate  Controller.  Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Reid spent 20 years at
Digital Equipment Corporation (now Compaq Computer  Corporation),  where she was
Vice  President  of  Internal  Audit  from  January  1998 to  November  1998 and
Assistant Treasurer/Director from October 1994 to January 1998.

ETHAN E. JACKS.  Since April 2000,  Mr.  Jacks has served as Vice  President  of
Business  Development and Chief Legal Officer.  From April 2000 to December 2000
he also served as Acting Chief Financial  Officer.  Mr. Jacks joined the Company
in March 1999 as Vice  President of Business  Development  and General  Counsel.
Prior to joining  Avid, he was a Vice  President and General  Counsel for Molten
Metal  Technology,  Inc. from November 1991 to October 1998.  Mr. Jacks was also
engaged in the private practice of law for eleven years,  including as a partner
at McDermott, Will & Emery.



There are no family relationships among the named officers.


                                       12
<PAGE>

                                      PART II

ITEM 5.   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

      Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq  National Market under the symbol
AVID.  The table below shows the high and low sales  prices of the common  stock
for each calendar quarter of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999.


            2000                High       Low
            ----              -------    -------
        First Quarter         $24.500    $11.438
        Second Quarter        $20.563     $9.375
        Third Quarter         $15.438    $10.063
        Fourth Quarter        $21.000    $13.359



            1999                High       Low
            ----              -------    -------
        First Quarter         $34.250    $17.000
        Second Quarter        $22.000    $12.500
        Third Quarter         $18.938    $12.000
        Fourth Quarter        $15.438    $10.000


      The  approximate  number of holders of record of our common stock at March
19, 2001,  was 572.  This number does not include  shareholders  for whom shares
were held in a "nominee" or "street" name.

      We have never  declared or paid cash  dividends  on our capital  stock and
currently  intend to retain all available  funds for use in the operation of our
business.  We do not  anticipate  paying any cash  dividends in the  foreseeable
future.

                                       13
<PAGE>

ITEM 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

      The  following  table  sets  forth  our  selected  condensed  consolidated
financial data. Included in our financial statements and selected financial data
are the results of operations of Softimage, which we acquired on August 3, 1998.
This acquisition was accounted for as a purchase and,  accordingly,  the results
of  operations  of  Softimage  are included as of the date of  acquisition.  The
selected  consolidated  financial data below should be read in conjunction  with
the "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" and the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included
elsewhere in this filing.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS DATA:
In thousands (except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  2000         1999          1998         1997         1996
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                             <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>
Net revenues                                                    $476,090     $452,555     $482,377    $471,338     $429,009
Cost of revenues                                                 234,424      205,877      190,249     221,553      238,808
                                                               ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
  Gross profit                                                   241,666      246,678      292,128     249,785      190,201
                                                               ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Operating expenses:
  Research and development                                        82,900       88,932       88,787       73,470       69,405
  Marketing and selling                                          119,469      129,889      125,280      120,394      127,006
  General and administrative                                      27,504       28,147       28,549       25,808       24,203
  Restructuring and other costs                                                14,469       28,373                    28,950
  Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets           66,872       79,879       34,204
                                                               ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
    Total operating expenses                                     296,745      341,316      305,193      219,672      249,564
                                                               ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Operating income (loss)                                          (55,079)     (94,638)     (13,065)      30,113      (59,363)
Other income and expense, net                                      3,730        3,459        8,636        8,125        3,416
                                                               ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Income (loss) before income taxes                                (51,349)     (91,179)      (4,429)      38,238      (55,947)
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes                          5,000       46,369         (796)      11,854      (17,903)
                                                               ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Net income (loss)                                               ($56,349)   ($137,548)     ($3,633)     $26,384     ($38,044)
                                                               ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========

Net income (loss) per common share - basic                        ($2.28)      ($5.75)      ($0.15)       $1.14       ($1.80)
                                                               ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========

Net income (loss) per common share - diluted                      ($2.28)      ($5.75)      ($0.15)       $1.08       ($1.80)
                                                               ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic                24,683       23,918       23,644       23,065       21,163
                                                               ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========

Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted              24,683       23,918       23,644       24,325       21,163
                                                               ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========

</TABLE>


CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:
In thousands
                                            As of December 31,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                2000      1999      1998       1997       1996
                              --------------------------------------------------
Working capital               $96,585   $70,344   $118,965   $186,474   $145,320
Total assets                  266,482   312,024    486,715    356,805    300,979
Long-term obligations          13,449    14,220     13,261        403      1,186
Total stockholders' equity    137,850   167,923    290,311    241,794    213,415



                                       14
<PAGE>

SUPPLEMENTAL PRO FORMA INFORMATION:

       The following table presents pro forma operating income (loss), excluding
the   impact  of   restructuring   and   other   costs   and   amortization   of
acquisition-related intangible assets.

In thousands:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     For the Year Ended December 31,
                                          ----------------------------------------------------
                                             2000      1999       1998       1997      1996
                                          ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>         <C>       <C>        <C>      <C>
Pro forma operating income (loss),
excluding restructuring and other costs
and amortization of acquisition-related
intangible assets                          $11,793     ($290)    $49,512    $30,113  ($30,413)
                                          ========   ========   ========   ========   ========



</TABLE>


                                       15
<PAGE>

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW

      The Company develops, markets, sells and supports a wide range of software
and systems for digital media production,  management and distribution.  Digital
media are  media  elements,  whether  video or audio or  graphics,  in which the
image,  sound or picture is recorded and stored as digital values, as opposed to
analog, or tape-based, signals.

      In August 1998, we acquired the business of Softimage  Inc. ("Softimage").
The  acquisition  was recorded as a purchase  and,  accordingly,  the results of
Softimage are included in our financial statements as of the acquisition date.

      During  the  fourth  quarter  of 1999,  we  announced  and  implemented  a
restructuring  plan to  strategically  refocus our business and bring  operating
expenses  in line  with  net  revenues,  with the  goal of  restoring  long-term
profitability  to the Company.  The process included a re-evaluation of our core
competencies,  technology  plan, and business model, and was completed in tandem
with the development of our fiscal 2000  operating plan.  The restructuring plan
resulted in a charge of approximately $9.6 million related to the termination of
209 employees, or 11% of our workforce,  and the vacating of certain facilities,
as well as the discontinuation of a limited number of products.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

      The  following  table  sets  forth  certain  items  from our  consolidated
statements  of  operations  as a  percentage  of net  revenues  for the  periods
indicated:
                                              For the Year Ended December 31,
                                             --------------------------------
                                               2000       1999       1998
                                             --------------------------------
      Net revenues                            100.0%     100.0%     100.0%
      Cost of revenues                         49.2%      45.5%      39.4%
                                             ---------  ---------  ---------
        Gross profit                           50.8%      54.5%      60.6%
                                             ---------  ---------  ---------
      Operating expenses:
        Research and development               17.4%      19.7%      18.4%
        Marketing and selling                  25.1%      28.7%      26.0%
        General and administrative              5.8%       6.2%       5.9%
        Restructuring and other costs                      3.2%       5.9%
        Amortization of  acquisition-related
        intangible assets                      14.0%      17.7%       7.1%
                                             ---------  ---------  ---------
          Total operating expenses             62.3%      75.5%      63.3%
                                             ---------  ---------  ---------
      Operating loss                          (11.5%)    (21.0%)     (2.7%)
      Other income and expense, net             0.8%       0.8%       1.8%
                                             ---------  ---------  ---------
      Loss before income taxes                (10.7%)    (20.2%)     (0.9%)
      Provision  for  (benefit  from) income
      taxes                                     1.1%      10.2%      (0.2%)
                                             ---------  ---------  ---------
      Net loss                                (11.8%)    (30.4%)     (0.7%)
                                             =========  =========  =========

      Excluding  amortization of  acquisition-related  intangible assets and, in
1999 and 1998,  restructuring and other costs, pro forma operating income (loss)
was 2.5%, (0.1%) and 10.3% of net revenues in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

Net Revenues

      Our net revenues have been derived mainly from the sales of computer-based
digital,  nonlinear media editing systems and related peripherals,  licensing of
related  software,  and sales of related  software  maintenance  contracts.  Net
revenues  increased  5.2% from  $452.6  million  in 1999 to $476.1 in 2000.  Net
revenues  decreased  6.2% to $452.6 million in 1999 from $482.4 million in 1998.


                                       16
<PAGE>

The  increase  in  net  revenues  during  2000  was  attributable  primarily  to
Digidesign  audio  products  which  had a  revenue  increase  of  $30.9  million
year-over-year.  This increase at Digidesign was primarily  attributable  to the
Digi 001  product,  which was  introduced  in late  1999,  and  distribution  of
third-party audio-related and Pro Tools compatible products. Other products that
contributed to the overall increase were Media Composer upgrades and a full year
of sales of Avid  Unity  MediaNet,  introduced  in mid  1999,  Avid  Xpress  DV,
introduced in early 2000, and Trilligent Cluster,  introduced in mid 2000. These
increases  were offset by reductions in sales of Media Composer  systems,  local
storage,  Symphony systems,  and service revenues.  The decrease in net revenues
during  1999 was  attributable  to several  product  families,  including  Media
Composer,  Avid  Xpress,  broadcast  products,  customer  service,  graphics and
effects,  and local storage  products.  These declines were partially  offset by
increases in sales of Avid  Symphony,  which was  introduced in late 1998,  Avid
Unity MediaNet,  SOFTIMAGE|DS,  SOFTIMAGE|3D and Digidesign products.  There was
also a significant decrease in Macintosh-based unit sales in 1999 which was only
partially offset by the introduction of Windows NT-based products.

      During 2000, we began shipping several new products and version updates of
existing  products,  including  Avid  Xpress  DV on IBM  IntelliStation  for the
Windows NT platform,  SOFTIMAGE|XSI,  Avid Symphony 3.0,  Media  Composer  10.0,
Trilligent  Cluster,  Avid ePublisher,  Avid Unity for News,  NewsCutter Effects
v2.0,  AirSPACE,  VideoSPACE and HyperSPACE.  During 1999, we introduced two new
products,  Avid  Unity  MediaNet  1.0 and Digi 001.  Additionally,  in 1999,  we
introduced  several  version  updates  of  existing  products,  including  Media
Composer  9.1  for  the  Windows  NT  platform,  Media  Composer  XL 8.1 for the
Macintosh platform, Avid Xpress 3.1 for the Windows NT platform, Avid Xpress 3.1
for the Macintosh  platform,  Avid NewsCutter 1.5, Avid Symphony 2.1, Avid Unity
MediaNet  1.1,  Softimage  DS 3.0,  Pro  Tools  5.0 and Pro Tools 5.0 LE for the
Windows NT platform, SOFTIMAGE|3D 3.8 SP2 and Media Illusion 6.0.

      Net  revenues derived through indirect channels were approximately 85% for
2000, compared to 89% of net revenue for 1999 and 77% of net revenue for 1998.

      International  sales  (sales to  customers  outside the United  States and
Canada) accounted for 51.1% of our 2000 net revenues, compared to 51.3% for 1999
and 49.3% for 1998. International sales increased by approximately $11.3 million
or 4.9% in 2000 compared to 1999 and decreased by approximately  $5.8 million or
2.4% in 1999  compared to 1998.  The  increase in  international  sales for 2000
compared to 1999 reflected  increases in the Asia Pacific region  primarily and,
to a lesser extent, Latin America,  partially offset by decreases in Europe. The
slight  decrease in  international  sales for 1999  compared  to 1998  reflected
decreases in Europe and Latin America, partially offset by increases in the Asia
Pacific region.

Gross Profit

      Cost  of  revenues  consists   primarily  of  costs  associated  with  the
procurement of components;  the assembly,  test,  and  distribution  of finished
products;  warehousing;  post-sales  customer  support costs; and provisions for
inventory  obsolescence.  The resulting gross profit fluctuates based on factors
such as the mix of  products  sold,  the  cost  and  proportion  of  third-party
hardware  included in the systems sold by the  Company,  the offering of product
upgrades,  price discounts and other sales promotion programs,  the distribution
channels   through  which   products  are  sold,   the  timing  of  new  product
introductions,   and  sales  of  aftermarket  hardware  products.  Gross  margin
decreased to 50.8% in 2000 compared to 54.5% in 1999,  which had decreased  from
60.6% in 1998.  The  decrease  during  2000  reflects  the  impact  of  currency
fluctuations,  primarily a weakening of the euro resulting in lower U.S.  dollar
equivalent  revenue,  a shift  to  lower-margin  products  and  upgrades,  price
discounts  and  other  sales  promotion  programs,  offset  by  efficiencies  in
manufacturing. The decrease during 1999 was primarily due to price reductions in
certain  product lines,  as well as to discounting  and promotions  offered.  In
addition,  there was a shift in mix to lower margin  product  families and lower
priced models within product families.

Research and Development

      Research and development  expenses decreased by $6.0 million,  or 6.8%, in
2000 compared to 1999 and increased by $145,000, or 0.2%, in 1999 as compared to
1998.  The  decrease  in  expenditures  in 2000  was  primarily  the  result  of
restructuring  actions  implemented  in  late  1999.  Spending  reductions  were
realized in personnel and occupancy  costs which were offset by  investments  in
several new initiatives, including Avid Internet Solutions (AIS, a newly created
division  offering a turnkey  media system  optimized  to deliver  high-bandwith
content over the Internet), AvidProNet (APN) and the broadcast business, as well
as the Digidesign audio business and lower-end  products such as Avid Xpress DV.
The increase in  expenditures  in 1999 was primarily due to a full twelve months
of  Softimage  costs  compared to five  months of costs in 1998,  as well as the
creation  of a new  engineering  department  to  develop  Avid  Unity  MediaNet,
partially  offset by reductions in other  personnel-related  expenditures and in
discretionary  spending.  Research  and  development  expenses  decreased  as  a
percentage of net revenues to 17.4% in 2000 from 19.7% in 1999  primarily due to
our  restructuring  actions,  coupled  with an  increased  revenue base in 2000.
Research and development  expenses  increased as a percentage of net revenues to
19.7% in 1999 from 18.4% in 1998  primarily  due to the lower annual  revenue in
1999.

                                       17
<PAGE>

Marketing and Selling

      Marketing and selling  expenses  decreased by $10.4  million,  or 8.0%, in
2000 compared to 1999 and  increased by $4.6 million,  or 3.7%, in 1999 compared
to 1998.  The  decrease  in  expenditures  in 2000 was  primarily  the result of
restructuring  actions  implemented  in  late  1999.  Spending  reductions  were
realized in personnel,  occupancy and marketing related costs.  These reductions
were slightly  offset by  investments in several new  initiatives,  most notably
AIS. The  increased  expenditures  in 1999 were  primarily  due to a full twelve
months of Softimage  costs  compared to five months of costs in 1998, as well as
significant increased expenditures in the professional audio business related to
new product  launches during the year.  These increases were partially offset by
reductions in  personnel-related  expenditures in our video and film editing and
effects  business.  Marketing and selling expenses  decreased as a percentage of
net  revenues  to  25.1%  in  2000  from  28.7%  in  1999  primarily  due to the
aforementioned  restructuring actions, coupled with an increased revenue base in
2000.  Marketing and selling expenses  increased as a percentage of net revenues
to 28.7% in 1999 from 26.0% in 1998 primarily due to the lower annual revenue in
1999.

General and Administrative

      General and administrative expenses decreased by $0.6 million, or 2.3%, in
2000 compared to 1999 and decreased by approximately  $0.4 million,  or 1.4%, in
1999  compared to 1998.  The decrease in expenses in 2000  primarily  represents
reduced personnel related costs related to restructuring  actions implemented in
late  1999,  consulting  fees,  legal fees and  travel.  These  reductions  were
partially  offset by executive  severance  benefits,  profit sharing expense and
retention  programs.  The decrease in expenses in 1999 was primarily  related to
personnel  related costs,  partially offset by a full twelve months of Softimage
costs  in  1999  compared  to  five  months  of  costs  in  1998.   General  and
administrative  expenses  decreased as a  percentage  of net revenues to 5.8% in
2000 from 6.2% in 1999 and from 5.9% in 1998.  The  percentage  decrease in 2000
was  related  to  reduced  spending  due to  the  restructuring  actions  and an
increased  revenue base;  the increase in percentage of net revenues in 1999 was
primarily due to lower annual revenues.

Restructuring and Other Costs

      During the fourth quarter of 1999, we incurred and recorded a $9.6 million
restructuring  charge,  a  charge  of $2.0  million  related  to the sale of our
Italian  subsidiary  and a  charge  of $2.9  million  related  to  contractually
obligated employment costs for executive officers who resigned from the company.
During 1998, we incurred  other charges of $28.4 million  relating to in-process
research and development in connection  with the August 1998  acquisition of the
business of Softimage.

      In December  1999, we announced and  implemented a  restructuring  plan to
strategically  refocus the company and bring operating expenses in line with net
revenues,  with the goal of restoring long-term profitability and supporting our
new strategic  initiatives.  The process  included a  re-evaluation  of our core
competencies,  technology  plans and business model, and was completed in tandem
with  development of our fiscal 2000  operating  plan. The major elements of the
restructuring  plan  included  the  termination  of  certain  employees  and the
vacating of certain  facilities.  The plan also provided for no further releases
of a  limited  number  of  existing  product  offerings,  including  stand-alone
Marquee,  Avid Cinema, Media Illusion and Matador. In connection with this plan,
we  recorded  a  restructuring  charge  of $9.6  million.  The  charge  included
approximately  $6.6 million for severance and related costs for 209 employees on
a worldwide  basis,  $2.4 million for facility  vacancy costs and  approximately
$0.6 million of non-cash  charges  relating to the  disposition of certain fixed
assets  that would no longer be used.  At the time of the  charge,  the  Company
expected that these  restructuring  actions would result in an expense reduction
of approximately $18.0 million on an annualized basis. During 2000, we made cash
payments of $4.7 million,  of which $4.0 million was related to personnel  costs
and $0.7 million was facilities  related.  During 1999, we made cash payments of
$2.5 million related to these  restructuring  activities.  The remaining accrual
balance at December 31, 2000 was $1.9 million,  the majority of which relates to
estimated  losses on office  space in the United  Kingdom  which we vacated  and
sublet.

      In  December  1999,  we  entered  into an  agreement  to sell our  Italian
subsidiary to a third party,  which  established  the entity as a distributor of
Avid products.  The sale was completed in the first quarter of 2000. We incurred
and  recorded  a loss  of  approximately  $2.0  million  relating  to the  sale,
including a reserve of $1.0 million for our  guarantee of the new entity's  line
of credit with a bank which ended January 31, 2001.  The sale of the  subsidiary
was done to reduce our operating  expenses,  while  maintaining a productive and
profitable presence in the Italian marketplace.

      In December  1999, in  connection  with the  resignation  of two executive
officers,  we incurred  and  recorded a charge of $2.9  million for  termination
benefits as specified in the employment contracts of the officers. To date, cash
payments of approximately $1.6 million have been made and, at December 31, 2000,
the related accrual was approximately $1.3 million. This remaining obligation is
expected to be paid in 2001.

                                       18
<PAGE>

      In  connection  with  the  August  1998  acquisition  of the  business  of
Softimage,  we allocated $28.4 million to in-process  research and  development.
In-process  research and development  represents  development  projects in areas
that have not reached  technological  feasibility and have no alternative future
use. Accordingly,  $28.4 million was expensed as of the acquisition date and was
reflected as a special  charge to operations in 1998.  The amounts  allocated to
acquired  in-process  research  and  development  were  based on  results  of an
independent  appraisal.  The values of in-process  research and development were
determined using a risk-adjusted, discounted cash flow approach.

      In-process research and development projects identified at the acquisition
date  included  next-generation   three-dimensional   modeling,   animation  and
rendering software, and new graphic, film and media management  capabilities for
effects-intensive,  on-line finishing applications for editing. A description of
each project follows:

o  Next Generation Three-Dimensional Modeling, Animation and Rendering Software.
   The efforts  required to develop  this  project  into a  commercially  viable
   product  principally  relate to  completion  of the  animation  and real-time
   playback  architecture,  completion and integration of architectural software
   components, validation of the resulting architecture, and finalization of the
   initial  feature set. As of the  acquisition  date,  we had assessed that the
   overall  project was 81% complete and calculated a value of $25.7 million for
   this  in-process  research and  development.  The estimated costs to complete
   this  project  as of the  acquisition  date were $5.1  million.  We  actually
   incurred  approximately  $12.9  million on this project  through May 2000, at
   which time the product,  SOFTIMAGE|XSI  1.0, was released.  Total development
   costs to complete this project were higher than originally anticipated due to
   challenges  encountered in the development process which caused a significant
   delay in the release of the product.

o  New Graphics,  Film and Media Management  Capabilities for Effects-Intensive,
   On-line  Finishing.  The efforts  required  to develop  this  project  into a
   commercially  viable  product  related  principally  to the rebuilding of the
   framework  architecture,  the rewriting of software  code of the  compositing
   engine to accommodate significant new features, and the rewriting of software
   code of the titling  component.  As of the acquisition  date, we had assessed
   that the  overall  project  was 6% complete  and  calculated  a value of $2.7
   million for this in-process research and development.  The estimated costs to
   complete  this  project as of the  acquisition  date were $3.8  million.  The
   project  was  completed  in  December  1999 at a cost of  approximately  $7.8
   million. Development costs were higher than originally anticipated due to the
   addition of  features  and  functionality,  which  expanded  the scope of the
   original project.

      The  value of  in-process  research  and  development,  specifically,  was
determined  by  estimating  the costs to develop the  in-process  projects  into
commercially viable products,  estimating the resulting net cash flows from such
projects,  discounting  the net cash flows  back to their  present  values,  and
adjusting  that  result to  reflect  each  project's  stage of  completion.  The
expected  cash flows of the  in-process  projects  were  adjusted to reflect the
contribution  of completed and core  technologies.  At the time of  acquisition,
total revenues from these  in-process  projects were  forecasted to peak in 2002
and then to  decline  from  2002 to 2004 as new  products  were  expected  to be
introduced by the Company.  These revenue  forecasts were based on  management's
estimate of market  size and  growth,  expected  trends in  technology,  and the
expected  timing of new product  introductions.  A discount rate of 21% was used
for valuing the  in-process  research and  development.  The  discount  rate was
higher than our implied  weighted  average  cost of capital due to the  inherent
uncertainties  surrounding the successful development of the in-process research
and  development and the related risk of realizing cash flows from products that
have not yet reached technological feasibility, among other factors.

Amortization of Acquisition-related Intangible Assets

      In  connection  with  the  August  1998  acquisition  of the  business  of
Softimage,  we  allocated  $127.8  million  to  goodwill  and $88.2  million  to
intangible assets  consisting of completed  technologies,  workforce,  and trade
name.  Included in the operating results for 2000, 1999 and 1998 is amortization
of these  intangible  assets and goodwill of $66.5 million,  $79.9 million,  and
$34.2  million,  respectively.   (See  Note  F  to  the  Consolidated  Financial
Statements).  During 1999, a balance sheet  purchase  accounting  adjustment was
recorded which decreased goodwill by approximately $6.9 million.  The balance of
the intangible  assets,  including  goodwill,  was $28.5 million at December 31,
2000. The remaining $28.5 million is expected to be amortized through July 2001.

The amounts allocated to identifiable  tangible and intangible assets were
based  on  results  of  an  independent  appraisal.   The  values  of  completed
technologies  were  determined  using  a  risk-adjusted,  discounted  cash  flow

                                      19
<PAGE>

approach.  As of  the  acquisition  date,  total  revenues  from  the  completed
technologies  were  forecasted to peak in 1999 and to decline  through 2001. The
Company  discounted  the net cash flows of the completed  technologies  to their
present value using a discount rate of 16%.

Other Income and Expense, Net

      Other  income and  expense,  net,  consists of interest  income,  interest
expense and, in 2000,  equity in income of  non-consolidated  companies.  During
2000, other income and expense, net, increased to $3.7 million from $3.5 million
in 1999. The increase was primarily  related to an increase in income related to
non-consolidated companies which was partially offset by an increase in interest
expense.  Other  income and  expense,  net, of $3.5  million for 1999  decreased
approximately $5.2 million from 1998 due to reduced interest income from reduced
cash and investment balances during the period.

Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes

      Our effective tax rate was 10%,  51%, and (18%),  respectively,  for 2000,
1999,  and 1998.  The tax rate for 2000  includes an  addition to the  valuation
allowance against all U.S.-related  deferred tax assets and the establishment of
a valuation  allowance  against a majority of the foreign  deferred  tax assets.
Based on the level of deferred  tax assets as of December 31, 2000 and the level
of historical  U.S. and foreign  taxable  income,  we have  determined  that the
uncertainty  regarding the  realization of these assets is sufficient to warrant
the  establishment  of a  valuation  allowance.  Excluding  the  impact  of  the
valuation allowance, our effective tax rate would have been (37%) for 2000. This
differs from the Federal  statutory  rate of (35%) due primarily to state taxes,
the U.S.  Federal  Research Tax Credit and our foreign  subsidiaries,  which are
taxed at different rates.

      The tax rate for 1999 includes the impact of establishing a full valuation
allowance against U.S.-related deferred tax assets.  Excluding the impact of the
valuation allowance, our effective tax rate would have been (41%) for 1999. This
differs from the Federal  statutory  rate of (35%) due  primarily to state taxes
and the U.S. Federal Research Tax Credit.

      The tax rate for 1998  includes a benefit of $8.2  million  related to the
pre-tax  charge  of  $28.4  for  in-process   technology   associated  with  our
acquisition  of  Softimage.  At that  time,  a  portion  of the  charge  was not
deductible for U.S.  Federal tax purposes.  Excluding the charge and related tax
benefit, our effective tax rate would have been 31% for 1998. The 1998 effective
tax rate  excluding the charge and related tax benefit of 31% is different  from
the Federal  statutory  rate of 35% due  primarily to our foreign  subsidiaries,
which were taxed in the aggregate at a lower rate, and the U.S. Federal Research
Tax Credit.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

      We have funded our  operations  to date  through  both  private and public
sales of equity securities as well as through cash flows from operations.  As of
December 31,  2000,  our  principal  sources of liquidity  included  cash,  cash
equivalents, and marketable securities totaling approximately $83.2 million.

      With respect to cash flow,  net cash provided by operating  activities was
$12.1  million in 2000  compared  to $7.6  million in 1999 and $68.2  million in
1998. During 2000, cash generated from operating  activities reflects net income
after  adjustment for  depreciation  and amortization and provision for doubtful
accounts,  offset by cash uses attributable primarily to an increase in accounts
receivable  and  inventories.  During  1999,  net  cash  provided  by  operating
activities  primarily  reflects net income after adjustment for depreciation and
amortization  and changes in deferred  taxes,  as well as  decreases in accounts
receivable.  This was offset by  reductions  in income taxes payable and accrued
expenses.  During  1998,  net cash  provided by operating  activities  primarily
reflects net income after  adjustment for  depreciation and amortization and the
charge  for  in-process   research  and   development  in  connection  with  the
acquisition of Softimage.

      We purchased $7.4 million of property and equipment during 2000,  compared
to $22.6 million and $14.1 million in 1999 and 1998, respectively.  Purchases in
2000 were primarily of equipment to support research and development activities.
Purchases in 1999 were  primarily  of hardware and software for our  information
systems and equipment to support  research and  development  activities.  During
2000, we also made a cash investment of $2.1 million in Rocket Network, Inc. and
purchased  the  assets  of  two  companies,  Pluto  and  TMF,  for  a  total  of
approximately  $2.0 million in cash and $0.3 million of guaranteed bonuses to be
paid in 2001.  We also  utilized  cash of $78.4  million in our  acquisition  of
Softimage  in 1998.  Additionally,  we made a payment  of $8.0  million  in 1999
against  a  note  issued  to  Microsoft   Corporation  in  connection  with  the
acquisition  of  Softimage.  The  remaining  principal  balance  of the  note of
approximately  $12.9 million is due and payable in June 2003. (See Note F to the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). In connection with the acquisitions
of Pluto and TMF, we may be required to make certain  contingent  cash  payments
limited in the aggregate to an additional  $13.5 million,  dependent upon future
revenues  and/or gross margin levels of products  acquired from these  companies
through December 2004.

                                       20
<PAGE>

      During 2000, we generated  cash of  approximately  $10.1  million,  net of
common  stock  repurchases,  from the  issuance of common  stock  related to the
exercise of stock options and our employee stock purchase plan.  During 1999, we
used  approximately  $16.0  million  for  financing  activities  reflecting  the
acquisition of $19.7 million of treasury stock, which was offset by the issuance
of common stock related to the exercise of stock options and the employee  stock
purchase plan.  During 1998, we used  approximately  $51.5 million for financing
activities  reflecting  primarily  treasury stock  purchases net of stock option
exercise proceeds.

      During 1998, we announced  that our board of directors had  authorized the
repurchase of up to 3.5 million shares of our common stock.  Purchases have been
and will be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions.  We
have used,  and plan to continue to use, any  repurchased  shares for reissuance
under our employee stock plans.  During 1998, we repurchased  approximately  2.0
million  additional  shares of common stock at a cost of $61.8  million.  During
1999, we  repurchased a total of 1.2 million shares of common stock at a cost of
$19.7 million. As of December 31, 2000, there were approximately  232,000 shares
remaining  authorized for repurchase.  These shares were repurchased in the open
market in the first quarter of 2001 at a cost of $4.1 million.

      We believe  existing cash,  cash  equivalents,  marketable  securities and
internally generated funds will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements.  In
the event we require  additional  financing,  we believe that we will be able to
obtain  such  financing;  however,  there can be no  assurance  that we would be
successful in doing so, or that we could do so on favorable terms.

EUROPEAN MONETARY UNION

      On January 1, 1999, eleven of the fifteen member countries of the European
Union established fixed conversion rates between their sovereign  currencies and
the euro. As of that date, the participating  countries agreed to adopt the euro
as their common legal  currency.  However,  the legacy  currencies  remain legal
tender in the  participating  countries  until  January  1,  2002.  During  this
transition  period,  public and  private  parties may elect to pay or charge for
goods and services using either the euro or the  participating  country's legacy
currency.

      We began conducting  certain business  transactions in the euro on January
1, 1999, and changed our functional  currency for the effected  countries to the
euro on  January  1,  2000.  The  conversion  to the euro has not had and is not
expected to have a significant operational impact or a material financial impact
on the results of operations,  financial position,  or liquidity of our European
businesses.

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

      In June 2000 and 1999,  the Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board issued
Statement of  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Nos. 138 and 137 ("SFAS 138" and
"SFAS 137"),  "Accounting for Certain Derivative Instruments and Certain Hedging
Activities - an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 133." SFAS 138 clarifies certain
provisions  of SFAS 133, and SFAS 137 defers the  implementation  of SFAS 133 by
one year. SFAS 133, as amended by SFAS 137 and SFAS 138, is effective for fiscal
quarters  beginning  after January 1, 2001,  and its adoption is not expected to
have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.

      In  September  2000,  the  Financial   Accounting  Standard  Board  issued
Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 140 ("SFAS 140"),  "Accounting
for  Transfers  and  Servicing  of  Financial  Assets  and   Extinguishments  of
Liabilities  - a  Replacement  of FASB  Statement No. 125." SFAS 140 revises the
standards of accounting  for  securitizations  and other  transfers of financial
assets and collateral and requires certain  disclosures,  and reiterates many of
the provisions of SFAS 125. SFAS 140 is effective for transfers and servicing of
financial assets and  extinguishments  of liabilities  occurring after March 31,
2001. SFAS 140 is effective for recognition and  reclassification  of collateral
and for disclosures  relating to securitization  transactions and collateral for
our fiscal year ending  December 31, 2001. We do not expect the  application  of
SFAS 140 to have a  material  impact on our  financial  position  or  results of
operations.

                                       21
<PAGE>

CERTAIN FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS

      Some  of  the  statements  in  this  Form  10-K  relating  to  our  future
performance,   constitute  forward-looking   statements.   Such  forward-looking
statements are based upon  management's  current  expectations and involve known
and unknown risks. Realization of any of these risks may cause actual results to
differ materially from the results described in the forward-looking  statements.
Certain of these risks are as follows:

Our future  success will depend in part upon our ability to enhance our existing
products in the digital editing market.

     Our core digital  video and film  editing  market  predominantly  uses Avid
products, particularly Media Composer, which represents a significant portion of
our  revenues,  and future  growth in this market  could be limited.  Our future
growth will depend upon our ability to introduce new features and  functionality
for Media Composer,  improve upon its price/performance,  respond to competitive
offerings,  and adapt to new industry  requirements and standards.  Any delay or
failure to further  develop Media Composer or to introduce other new products in
this market, could harm our business and reduce our operating results.

Broadcast market is large, widely dispersed, and highly competitive,  and we may
not be successful in growing our customer base in this market.

      We are currently  building our presence in the  broadcast  market and have
augmented our NewsCutter offering with the Unity for News products,  launched in
December 2000, and with the server,  newsroom,  and browser products obtained in
the  recent  Pluto and iNews  acquisitions.  As a  relatively  new player in the
broadcast  market, we may encounter  difficulties in establishing  ourselves and
developing a strong,  loyal customer base. Our  competitors,  such as Associated
Press,  Sony,  Panasonic,  and Grass Valley, may devote greater resources to the
broadcast  market than we do, or may be able to leverage  their market  presence
more effectively. If we are unsuccessful in capturing a share of the market, our
business and revenues could be adversely affected.

Competition  in the 3D animation  market has  increased  dramatically  since our
acquisition of Softimage.

      The  animation  market  has  changed  significantly  from the time when we
acquired our Softimage subsidiary in August 1998. While Softimage once dominated
the  higher  end of the 3D market  (i.e.,  feature  films  and  other  intensive
graphics  applications),  it  now  faces  new  challenges  to its  products  and
services. Competitors' products, including Alias/Wavefront's Maya, Discreet's 3D
Studio Max, and NewTech's  Lightwave,  have reduced Softimage's market share. In
addition,  new product  offerings from all of the market players in recent years
have  contributed to downward price  pressure,  which has resulted in increasing
compression of margins. To the extent that these factors continue or worsen, our
business may suffer.

We have a  significant  share of the  professional  audio  market and  therefore
growth in this market could be limited.

      Currently,  our Digidesign division maintains a significant portion of the
professional  audio  market.  Our future  success  will  depend in part upon our
ability to offer, on a timely and  cost-effective  basis, new audio products and
enhancements  of our existing audio products.  The timely  development of new or
enhanced  products is a complex and  uncertain  process,  and we may  experience
design,  manufacturing,  marketing, and other difficulties that delay or prevent
our development, introduction or marketing of new products or enhancements.

We are  expanding  our product  line,  and our future  revenues  depend on their
success.

      We are expanding our product line beyond our core video editing  market to
address  the  digital  media  production  needs of the  broadcast  news  market,
including cable and Internet news,  on-line film and video finishing market, and
the emerging market for multimedia production tools,  including the Internet and
corporate  markets.  We have limited  experience in serving these  markets,  and
there  can be no  assurance  that  we will be  able  to  develop  such  products
successfully.  To be  successful,  we will need to introduce new products,  gain
customer  acceptance,   and  establish  appropriate   distribution  and  support
channels.  Any unexpected  delays or additional costs that we incur in achieving
these goals could harm our business and reduce our operating results.

                                       22
<PAGE>

Our future growth depends in part on the widespread  adoption of the Internet by
the digital media market.

      Our plans for future  growth in the Internet  market,  including  the Avid
Production  Network and Trilligent  product lines,  as well as the Internet news
market,  depend  on  increased  use of  the  Internet  for  the  creation,  use,
manipulation,  and  distribution  of media  content  from  corporate  markets to
high-end  post-production.  Such uses of the Internet are  currently at an early
stage of  development,  and the future  evolution of the Internet  market is not
clear.  Our success in this emerging  Internet market will depend on the rate at
which the market  develops and on our ability to establish our market  presence.
If the  commercial use of the Internet fails to grow as anticipated or if we are
unable to capture a  significant  market  share,  our  business  and  results of
operations could suffer.

Our products are complex and delays or  difficulties in introducing new products
could harm our business.

      Our future  success  will depend in part on our ability to offer  products
that compete  favorably with our competitors'  products in terms of reliability,
performance,  ease of use, range of features, product enhancements,  reputation,
price,  and  training.   Delays  or  difficulties  in  product  development  and
introduction  may harm our business.  Our products are  internally  complex and,
despite  extensive  testing and quality control,  may contain errors or defects.
Such errors or defects  could cause us to issue  corrective  releases  and could
result  in  loss  of  revenues,   increased  product  returns,  lack  of  market
acceptance, and damage to our reputation.

      New  product announcements  by our  competitors  and by us could  have the
effect of reducing  customer demand for our existing  products.  Some of our new
products constitute upgrades of existing products.  In the past, we have offered
discounts  on the price of such  upgrades to existing  customers,  which,  where
appropriate,  have been based upon the return of circuit boards and system keys.
To the extent that such circuit boards and system keys are not returned,  it can
decrease the revenue generated by such new products.  New product  introductions
require us to devote  time and  resources  to  training  our sales  channels  in
product features and target customers,  with the temporary result that the sales
channels have less time to devote to selling our products.

Qualifying and supporting our products on both Windows and MacIntosh  Platforms,
as well as other computer systems, is time consuming and expensive.

      Our software  engineers devote  significant time and effort to qualify and
support our products on various  computer  platforms,  including  most  notably,
Windows NT and MacIntosh.  Computer platform  modifications and upgrades require
additional time to be spent to ensure that our products will function  properly.
To the extent that the current  configuration  of the  qualified  and  supported
platforms change or that we need to qualify and support new platforms, we may be
required to expend valuable engineering  resources and thereby reduce our profit
margins.

Our operating results are dependent on several unpredictable factors.

      Our gross profit  margin on our  products  depends on many  factors.  Such
factors include:

o     mix of products sold;
o     cost and the proportion of third-party hardware included in such products;
o     product distribution channels;
o     timing of new product introductions;
o     product offers and platform upgrades;
o     price discounts and sales promotion programs;
o     volume of sales of aftermarket hardware products;
o     costs of swapping or fixing products released to the market with defects;
o     provisions for inventory obsolescence;
o     allocations of manufacturing overhead and customer support costs to cost
      of goods;
o     sales of third-party computer hardware to distributors;
o     competitive pressure on product prices; and
o     currency fluctuations.

      Negative  changes to any of these  factors  could  reduce our gross profit
margin.

                                       23
<PAGE>

Our operating costs are tied to projections of future revenues, which may differ
from actual results.

      Our operating  expense levels are based,  in part, on our  expectations of
future revenues. Such future revenues are difficult to predict.  Further, we are
generally  unable to reduce  quarterly  operating  expense levels rapidly in the
event  that  quarterly  revenue  levels  fail  to  meet  internal  expectations.
Therefore,  if quarterly revenue levels fail to meet internal  expectations upon
which expense levels are based, our results of operations could be lower than we
had anticipated.

The markets for our  products  are  competitive,  and we expect  competition  to
intensify in the future.

      The  digital  video,  audio  and  animation  markets  are  competitive and
characterized  by pressure  to reduce  prices,  incorporate  new  features,  and
accelerate the release of new products. Our key competitors are identified above
under  "Competition"  in Item 1. Many of our current and  potential  competitors
have substantially  greater financial,  technical,  distribution,  support,  and
marketing  resources  than we do. Such  competitors  may use these  resources to
lower their product costs and thus be able to lower prices to levels at which we
could not operate profitably.  Further,  such competitors may be able to develop
products  comparable  or  superior  to  ours,  or  adapt  more  quickly  to  new
technologies  or  evolving  customer  requirements.  If we are unable to compete
effectively in our target markets,  our business and results of operations could
suffer.

We depend on a number of sole source suppliers.

      We are  dependent  on a number of specific suppliers  for  certain  key
components of our products. These components include:

o     video compression chips manufactured by C-Cube Microsystems;
o     a small computer systems interface ("SCSI") accelerator board from ATTO
      Technology;
o     a 3-D digital video effects board from Pinnacle Systems;
o     application specific integrated circuits ("ASICS") from Chip Express and
      LSI Logic;
o     digital signal processing integrated circuits from Motorola;
o     a fibre channeln adapter  card  from JNI;
o     a fibre channel storage array from the Clariion division of EMC;
o     a PCI expansion chassis from SBS Technologies, Inc.;
o     a fixed programmable gate array from Quicklogic;
o     digital to analog and analog to digital converter integrated circuits from
      Cirrus Logic;
o     a peripheral component interconnect bridge integrated circuits from Intel
      Corp.; and
o     analog switches and op amps from Analog Devices.

      We purchase  these sole  source  components  pursuant  to purchase  orders
placed from time to time. We generally do not carry  significant  inventories of
these sole source components and have no guaranteed supply arrangements.  If any
of these sole source  vendors  failed to supply or enhance such  components,  it
could  imperil  our supply of these  components.  Similarly,  if any such vendor
encountered technical,  operating or financial  difficulties,  it might threaten
our supply of these  components.  While we believe that  alternative  sources of
supply for sole source components could be developed, or our products redesigned
to permit the use of alternative  components,  an interruption in our sources of
supply could damage our business and negatively affect our operating results.

If we fail to maintain strong  relationships  with our resellers,  distributors,
and component suppliers,  our ability to successfully deploy our products may be
harmed.

      We sell many of our products and services indirectly through resellers and
distributors.  These resellers and distributors  typically purchase software and
"kits"  from us and other  turnkey  components  from  other  vendors in order to
produce  complete  systems for  resale.  Any  disruption  to our  resellers  and
distributors,  or their  third-party  suppliers,  could  reduce our gross profit
margin.

If we become dependent on third-party  hardware for our products,  our operating
results could be harmed.

      Our gross profit margin varies from product to product depending primarily
on the  proportion and cost of  third-party  hardware  included in each product.
From time to time,  we add  functionality  and features to our  products.  If we
effect such  additions  through  the use of more,  or more  costly,  third-party
hardware,  and do not  increase  the  price of such  products  to  offset  these
increased costs, then our gross profit margin on these products could decrease.

                                       24
<PAGE>

Our future growth could be harmed if we lost the services of our key personnel.

      Our  success  depends  upon  the  services  of a  number  of  key  current
employees.  The loss of the services of one or more of these key employees could
harm our business.  Our success also depends upon our ability to attract  highly
skilled  new  employees.  Competition  for  such  employees  is  intense  in the
industries and geographic areas in which we operate. If we are unable to compete
successfully for such employees, our business could suffer.

Our  AvidProNet.com website could subject us to legal claims that could harm our
business.

      We have  launched the Avid  Production  Network site  (AvidProNet.com)  to
provide  interactive  information and services to new media and  post-production
professionals.  Our plans for  AvidProNet.com  include  content-hosting,  remote
reviewing,  and stock footage  availability.  Because materials may be posted on
and/or downloaded from the AvidProNet.com  website and distributed to others, we
may be subject to claims for  defamation,  negligence,  copyright  or  trademark
infringement,  personal  injury,  or other  theories of  liability  based on the
nature,  content,  publication and distribution of such materials.  In addition,
although we have  attempted to limit our  exposure by  contract,  we may also be
subject  to  claims  for  indemnification  by end  users in the  event  that the
security  of the  AvidProNet.com  website  is  compromised.  As the  website  is
available on a worldwide  basis,  the website could  potentially be subject to a
wide variety of international laws.

Regulations  could be enacted that restrict our Internet  initiatives and result
in slowing our future growth.

      As a result of the increasing use and popularity of the Internet, federal,
state,  and local  authorities may adopt new laws and regulations  governing the
Internet.  These  laws  and  regulations  may  cover  issues  such  as  privacy,
distribution,  and content.  The enactment of any additional laws or regulations
could  impede the growth of the  Internet,  harm our Internet  initiatives,  and
place additional financial burdens on our business.

We could  incur  substantial  costs  protecting  our  intellectual  property  or
defending against a claim of infringement.

      Our ability to compete successfully and achieve future revenue growth will
depend,  in part,  on our  ability to protect  our  proprietary  technology  and
operate without infringing upon the rights of others. We rely upon a combination
of  patent,  copyright,  and  trademark  laws,  trade  secret,   confidentiality
procedures,  and contractual  provisions to protect our proprietary  technology.
Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technology, unauthorized persons,
from time to time, have obtained,  copied, and used information that we consider
proprietary.  Policing the  unauthorized  use of our  proprietary  technology is
costly and time-consuming and may be inadequate to protect us fully.

      We occasionally  receive  communications  suggesting that our products may
infringe  the  intellectual  property  rights of others.  It is our  practice to
investigate  the factual basis of such  communications  and  negotiate  licenses
where  appropriate.  While it may be  necessary  or  desirable  in the future to
obtain  licenses  relating  to one or more  products  or  relating to current or
future technologies, we may be unable to do so on commercially reasonable terms.
If we are unable to protect our  proprietary  technology  or unable to negotiate
licenses for the use of others'  intellectual  property,  our business  would be
impaired.

      We are currently involved in various legal  proceedings,  including patent
litigation.  An  adverse  resolution  of any  such  proceedings  could  harm our
business and reduce our results of operations.  See Item 3 - "Legal Proceedings"
above.

If we acquire other  companies or  businesses,  we will be subject to risks that
could hurt our business.

      We periodically acquire businesses, form strategic alliances, or make debt
or equity investments.  The risks associated with such acquisitions,  alliances,
and  investments  include,  among others,  the  difficulty of  assimilating  the
operations  and  personnel  of the  target  companies,  the  failure  to realize
anticipated return on investment,  cost savings and synergies, and the diversion
of  management's  time  and  attention.   Such  acquisitions,   alliances,   and
investments  often  involve  significant  transaction-related  costs  and  cause
short-term  disruption  to normal  operations.  If we are unable to  overcome or
counter  these risks,  it could  undermine  our business and lower our operating
results.
                                       25
<PAGE>

Our operating results could be harmed by currency fluctuations.

      A  significant portion  of our business  is conducted  in currencies other
than  the  U.S. dollar. Accordingly, changes  in the  value  of  major  foreign
currencies  relative to the value of the U.S. dollar could lower future revenues
and operating results.

Strikes by Actors or Writers could harm our revenues.

      As reported in the press,  the guilds and unions that represent actors and
writers in the film and television  industries  periodically threaten to strike.
If such a strike were to occur,  it could slow down or even stop  production  at
major  film  and  television  studios.  If such a  strike  were  to  last  for a
significant amount of time, the demand for our products could be reduced and our
revenues could decline.

Our stock price may continue to be volatile.

      The market price of our common stock has been  volatile in the recent past
and could fluctuate  substantially in the future based upon a number of factors,
some of which are beyond our control. These factors include:

o     changes in our quarterly operating results;
o     shortfalls in revenues or earnings compared to securities analysts'
      expectations;
o     changes in analysts' recommendations or projections;
o     fluctuations in investors' perceptions of us or our competitors;
o     shifts in the markets for our products;
o     development and marketing of products by our competitors; and
o     changes in our relationships with  suppliers, distributors, resellers,
      system integrators, or customers.

      Further, the stock market has witnessed unusual volatility with respect to
the price of equity securities of high technology companies generally,  and this
volatility has, at times, appeared to be unrelated to any of the factors above.


                                       26
<PAGE>

ITEM 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

Market Risk

      Our  primary  exposures  to market  risk are the effect of  volatility  in
currencies on asset and liability  positions of our  international  subsidiaries
that are  denominated in foreign  currencies and the effect of  fluctuations  in
interest rates earned on our cash equivalents and marketable securities.

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

      We derive  greater than 50% of our  revenues  from  customers  outside the
United  States.  This  business  is,  for  the  most  part,  transacted  through
international  subsidiaries  and  generally  in the  currency  of the  end  user
customers.  This  circumstance  exposes us to risks  associated  with changes in
foreign currency that can impact  revenues,  net income (loss) and cash flow. We
enter into  foreign  currency  forward-exchange  contracts  to hedge the foreign
exchange exposure of certain forecasted receivables,  payables and cash balances
of our foreign  subsidiaries.  Gains and losses  associated  with  currency rate
changes on the  contracts  are  recorded  in results of  operations,  offsetting
gains and losses on the  related  assets  and  liabilities.  The  success of the
hedging  program  depends on  forecasts of  transaction  activity in the various
currencies.  To the extent that these forecasts are over- or understated  during
the periods of currency volatility,  we could experience  unanticipated currency
gains or losses.

      At December 31, 2000, we had $34.5 million of  forward-exchange  contracts
outstanding,  denominated  in  various  European  and Asian  currencies  and the
Canadian  and  Australian   dollar,  as  a  hedge  against   forecasted  foreign
currency-denominated receivables, payables and cash balances. Net losses of $0.9
million resulting from  forward-exchange  contracts were included in the results
of operations in 2000, which more than offset net gains on the related asset and
liabilities of $0.1 million. A hypothetical 10% change in foreign currency rates
would not have a material  impact on our  results of  operations,  assuming  the
above-mentioned  forecast of foreign currency exposure is accurate,  because the
impact on the forward  contracts  as a result of a 10% change  would  offset the
impact on the asset and liability positions of our foreign subsidiaries.

Interest Rate Risk

      At  December  31,  2000,  we held $41.1  million in cash  equivalents  and
marketable  securities,  including  short-term  government and government agency
obligations.  Cash  equivalents  and  marketable  securities  are  classified as
"available for sale" and are recorded on the balance sheet at market value, with
any  unrealized  gain  or  loss  recorded  in  comprehensive  income  (loss).  A
hypothetical  10%  increase  or  decrease  in  interest  rates  would not have a
material impact on the fair market value of these instruments due to their short
maturity.


                                       27
<PAGE>



                              AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.

                           ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                                     ITEM 8

          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION



                                       28
<PAGE>

                              AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.

                   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INCLUDED IN ITEM 8:

Report of Independent Accountants................................     30

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
  December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998...............................     31

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2000 and 1999.....     32

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years
  ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.........................     33

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
  December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998...............................     34

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.......................     35


Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule for the years ended December 31, 2000,
1999 and 1998 included in Item 14(d):

Schedule II - Supplemental Valuation and Qualifying Accounts          F-1


Schedules  other than that listed  above have been  omitted  since the  required
information  is not  present,  or not present in amounts  sufficient  to require
submission of the schedule,  or because the information  required is included in
the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto.

                                       29
<PAGE>

                        REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
of Avid Technology, Inc.:

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying
index present fairly, in all material  respects,  the financial position of Avid
Technology,  Inc. and its  subsidiaries  at December 31, 2000 and 1999,  and the
results of their  operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended  December 31, 2000 in  conformity  with  accounting  principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion,
the financial  statement  schedule  listed in the  accompanying  index  presents
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in
conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.  These financial
statements  and  financial  statement  schedule  are the  responsibility  of the
Company's  management;  our  responsibility  is to  express  an opinion on these
financial  statements and financial  statement  schedule based on our audits. We
conducted our audits of these  statements in accordance with auditing  standards
generally  accepted in the United States of America,  which require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements,  assessing the accounting  principles used and significant estimates
made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP


Boston, Massachusetts
January 31, 2001

                                       30
<PAGE>

AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
(in thousands, except per share data)


                                              For the Year Ended December 31,
                                            ------------------------------------
                                               2000         1999         1998
                                            ----------   ----------   ----------

Net revenues                                 $476,090     $452,555     $482,377
Cost of revenues                              234,424      205,877      190,249
                                            ----------   ----------   ----------
   Gross profit                               241,666      246,678      292,128
                                            ----------   ----------   ----------

Operating expenses:
  Research and development                     82,900       88,932       88,787
  Marketing and selling                       119,469      129,889      125,280
  General and administrative                   27,504       28,147       28,549
  Restructuring and other costs                             14,469       28,373
  Amortization of acquisition-related
    intangible assets                          66,872       79,879       34,204
                                            ----------   ----------   ----------
    Total operating expenses                  296,745      341,316      305,193
                                            ----------   ----------   ----------

Operating loss                                (55,079)     (94,638)     (13,065)

Interest income                                 3,634        4,304        8,815
Interest expense                               (1,275)        (686)        (350)
Other income (expense), net                     1,371         (159)         171
                                            ----------   ----------   ----------
Loss before income taxes                      (51,349)     (91,179)      (4,429)

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes       5,000       46,369         (796)
                                            ----------   ----------   ----------

Net loss                                     ($56,349)   ($137,548)     ($3,633)
                                            ==========   ==========   ==========

Net loss per common share - basic and
diluted                                        ($2.28)      ($5.75)      ($0.15)
                                            ==========   ==========   ==========

Weighted average common shares outstanding
  - basic and diluted                          24,683       23,918       23,644
                                            ==========   ==========   ==========



The  accompanying  notes  are an  integral  part of the  consolidated  financial
statements.

                                       31
<PAGE>

AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(in thousands, except per share data)
                                                           December 31,
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                         2000            1999
                                                   -------------   -------------

ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                            $64,875         $46,072
  Marketable securities                                 18,331          26,733
  Accounts receivable, net of allowances of
   $11,384 and $8,954 at December 31, 2000
   and 1999, respectively                               90,047          76,172
  Inventories                                           21,102          14,969
  Deferred tax assets                                    1,014           2,114
  Prepaid expenses                                       6,102           5,584
  Other current assets                                   4,634           4,795
                                                   -------------   -------------
    Total current assets                               206,105         176,439

  Property and equipment, net                           26,136          32,748
  Acquisition-related intangible assets                 30,316          95,073
  Other assets                                           3,925           7,764
                                                   -------------   -------------
   Total assets                                       $266,482        $312,024
                                                   =============   =============

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                     $28,775         $23,998
  Accrued compensation and benefits                     21,072          16,955
  Accrued expenses                                      22,851          36,022
  Income taxes payable                                  12,039           5,073
  Other current liabilities                                304           3,789
  Deferred revenues                                     24,479          20,258
                                                   -------------   -------------
   Total current liabilities                           109,520         106,095
                                                   -------------   -------------

Long-term debt and other liabilities, less current
 portion                                                13,449          14,220

Purchase consideration                                   5,663          23,786

Commitments and contingencies (Note I)

Stockholders' equity:
  Preferred stock, $.01 par value, 1,000 shares
    authorized; no shares issued or outstanding
  Common stock, $.01 par value, 50,000 shares
    authorized; 26,591 and 26,591 shares issued
    and 25,667 and 23,890 shares outstanding
    at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively            266             266
  Additional paid-in capital                           359,103         366,569
 Accumulated deficit                                  (197,779)       (128,083)
 Treasury stock, at cost, 924 and 2,701 shares at
    December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively           (15,622)        (66,489)
  Deferred compensation                                 (4,752)         (1,853)
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss                  (3,366)         (2,487)
                                                   -------------   -------------
    Total stockholders' equity                         137,850         167,923
                                                   -------------   -------------
    Total liabilities and stockholders' equity        $266,482        $312,024
                                                   =============   =============





The  accompanying  notes  are an  integral  part of the  consolidated  financial
statements.

                                       32
<PAGE>

AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
(in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                  Accumulated
                                                                                                                    Other
                                                                                  Retained                          Compre-  Total
                                            Shares of          Common  Additional Earnings                         hensive  Stock-
                                          Common Stock          Stock   Paid-in (Accumulated Treasury   Deferred    Income holders'
                                      Issued      In Treasury  Issued   Capital   Deficit)    Stock   Compensation  (Loss)  Equity
                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>        <C>           <C>    <C>      <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>      <C>
Balances at December 31, 1997           24,157     (957)         $242   $252,307   $27,286  ($27,548)  ($8,034)  ($2,459) $241,794

Purchase of treasury stock                       (1,953)                                     (61,822)                      (61,822)
Stock issued pursuant to employee
 stock plans and related tax benefits               742                    3,094    (9,315)   21,346                        15,125
Issuance of common stock in
  connection with acquisition            2,435                     24     65,463                                            65,487
Issuance of warrants to purchase
  common stock in connection
  with acquisition                                                        26,196                                            26,196
Conversion of purchase consideration                                       2,544                                             2,544
Restricted stock grants canceled
  and compensation expense                  (1)     (29)           (1)      (315)                        4,261               3,945
Comprehensive loss:
  Net loss                                                                          (3,633)                                 (3,633)
   Net unrealized losses on
    marketable securities                                                                                              5         5
   Translation adjustment                                                                                            670       670
                                                                                                                            -------
  Other comprehensive income                                                                                                   675
                                                                                                                            -------
Comprehensive loss                                                                                                          (2,958)
                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balances at December 31, 1998           26,591   (2,197)          265    349,289    14,338   (68,024)   (3,773)   (1,784)  290,311

Purchase of treasury stock                       (1,183)                                     (19,718)                      (19,718)
Stock issued pursuant to employee
 stock plans                                        659                  (11,931)   (4,873)   21,253                         4,449
Issuance of restricted stock                         50             1        586                          (587)
Conversion of purchase consideration                                      29,212                                            29,212
Restricted stock grants canceled
  and compensation expense                          (30)                    (587)                        2,507               1,920
Comprehensive loss:
  Net loss                                                                        (137,548)                               (137,548)
   Net unrealized losses on
    marketable securities                                                                                            (32)      (32)
   Translation adjustment                                                                                           (671)     (671)
                                                                                                                            -------
  Other comprehensive income                                                                                                  (703)
                                                                                                                            -------
Comprehensive loss                                                                                                        (138,251)
                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balances at December 31, 1999           26,591   (2,701)          266    366,569  (128,083)  (66,489)   (1,853)   (2,487)  167,923

Purchase of treasury stock                          (35)                                        (460)                         (460)
Stock issued pursuant to employee
 stock plans                                      1,503                  (22,095)   (9,530)   42,153                        10,528
Issuance of restricted stock                        378                     (715)   (3,817)    9,174    (4,638)                  4
Options issued at below fair market
 value                                                                     1,338                        (1,338)
Conversion of purchase consideration                                      14,884                                            14,884
Restricted stock grants canceled
  and compensation expense                          (69)                    (878)                        3,077               2,199
Comprehensive loss:
  Net loss                                                                         (56,349)                                (56,349)
   Net unrealized losses on
    marketable securities                                                                                          1,738     1,738
   Translation adjustment                                                                                         (2,617)   (2,617)
                                                                                                                            -------
  Other comprehensive income                                                                                                  (879)
                                                                                                                            -------
Comprehensive loss                                                                                                         (57,228)
                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balances at December 31, 2000           26,591     (924)         $266   $359,103 ($197,779) ($15,622)  ($4,752)  ($3,366) $137,850
                                     ==============================================================================================
</TABLE>

The  accompanying  notes  are an  integral  part of the  consolidated  financial
statements.

                                       33
<PAGE>

AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                        -----------------------------------
                                                           2000        1999        1998
                                                        ---------   ----------   ----------
<S>                                                     <C>         <C>            <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
  Net loss                                              ($56,349)   ($137,548)     ($3,633)
  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
    provided by operating activities:
   Depreciation and amortization                          84,264      103,223       55,928
   Provision for doubtful accounts                         6,170        3,971        2,018
   Compensation from stock grants and options              2,199        1,920        3,945
   Changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities             14       52,965       (4,412)
   (Gain) loss on disposal of equipment                                   850         (133)
   Equity in income of non-consolidated companies         (1,020)
   Charge for acquired in-process research and
    development, net of tax benefit                                                 20,155
   Provision for restructuring charge, non-cash
    portion                                                               541
   Tax benefit of stock option exercises                                             3,829
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities,
    net of effects of acquisitions:
      Accounts receivable                                (23,677)       9,074       (2,801)
      Inventories                                         (5,712)      (4,252)      (2,769)
      Prepaid expenses and other current assets            1,179         (813)      (2,126)
      Accounts payable                                     5,016         (245)         814
      Income taxes payable                                 7,052      (13,608)       2,404
      Accrued expenses, compensation and benefits         (8,981)      (8,054)         716
      Deferred revenues                                    1,955         (431)      (5,700)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES              12,110        7,593       68,235
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
  Purchases of property and equipment                     (7,401)     (22,588)     (14,118)
  Payments for other long-term assets                       (380)      (3,005)      (1,815)
  Proceeds from disposal of assets                                      1,325        1,309
  Investments in non-consolidated companies               (2,100)
  Payments for acquisitions, net of cash acquired         (1,990)                  (78,416)
  Payments on note issued in connection with
   acquisition                                                         (8,000)
  Purchases of marketable securities                     (31,861)     (38,927)    (166,580)
  Proceeds from sales of marketable securities            42,001       61,084      196,317
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                  (1,731)     (10,111)     (63,303)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Payments of long-term debt                                             (712)        (610)
  Purchase of common stock for treasury                     (460)     (19,718)     (61,822)
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock                  10,532        4,449       10,901
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES    10,072      (15,981)     (51,531)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
equivalents                                               (1,648)       1,667        1,195
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents      18,803      (16,832)     (45,404)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year            46,072       62,904      108,308
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                 $64,875      $46,072      $62,904
===========================================================================================
</TABLE>


The  accompanying  notes  are an  integral  part of the  consolidated  financial
statements.

                                       34
<PAGE>

                               AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.

                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

A.    ORGANIZATION AND OPERATIONS

Avid Technology,  Inc. ("Avid" or the "Company")  develops,  markets,  sells and
supports a wide range of software  and systems  for  digital  media  production,
management and distribution.  Digital media are media elements, whether video or
audio or graphics,  in which the image,  sound or picture is recorded and stored
as digital values, as opposed to analog, or tape-based, signals.

As described in Note F, in August 1998, the Company acquired the common stock of
Softimage  Inc.  ("Softimage")  and certain  assets  related to the  business of
Softimage for total consideration of $247.9 million. Softimage is a developer of
three-dimensional ("3D") animation, video production, two-dimensional ("2D") cel
animation and compositing  software solutions and technologies.  The acquisition
was  recorded  as a purchase  and,  accordingly,  the results of  operations  of
Softimage  have been  included in the Company's  financial  statements as of the
acquisition date.

B.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

A summary of the Company's significant accounting policies follows:

Basis of Presentation

The consolidated  financial  statements  include the accounts of the Company and
its wholly owned subsidiaries.  Intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated.  Certain amounts in the prior years' financial  statements have been
reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.

The Company's  preparation of financial  statements in conformity with generally
accepted  accounting  principles  requires  management  to  make  estimates  and
assumptions  that  affect  the  reported  amount of assets and  liabilities  and
disclosure of contingent  assets and  liabilities  at the dates of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported
periods. The most significant  estimates reflected in these financial statements
include  accounts  receivable and sales  allowances,  inventory  valuation,  the
recoverability of intangible assets including  goodwill and income tax valuation
allowances. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Translation of Foreign Currencies

The  functional  currency of the  Company's  foreign  subsidiaries  is the local
currency,  except for the Irish  manufacturing  branch and Avid Technology Sales
Ltd. in Ireland, whose functional currencies are the U.S. dollar. The assets and
liabilities of the subsidiaries  whose functional  currencies are other than the
U.S.  dollar are translated  into U.S.  dollars at the current  exchange rate in
effect at the balance sheet date.  Income and expense items are translated using
the average exchange rate for the period. Cumulative translation adjustments are
included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), which is reflected as
a separate component of stockholders' equity. Foreign currency transaction gains
and losses are included in results of operations.

The Company  enters into  foreign  currency  forward-exchange  contracts,  which
typically  mature  within one month,  to hedge the exposure to foreign  currency
fluctuations of expected  intercompany and third-party  receivables and payables
as well as  foreign-currency  cash balances.  Gains and losses realized from the
forward   contracts  upon  maturity  are  recorded  in  results  of  operations,
offsetting  transaction  gains and losses on the related assets and liabilities.
Prior to contract  maturity,  the Company  records on the balance  sheet at each
reporting  period the fair value of its  forward-exchange  contracts and records
any fair value adjustments in results of operations, due to the immateriality of
the  adjustments  that result from the short period that the  contracts are then
outstanding.  The cash flows related to the gains and losses of foreign currency
forward-exchange  contracts are  classified  in the  statements of cash flows as
part of the cash flows from operations.

The market risk  exposure  from  forward  contracts  is assessed in light of the
underlying  currency  exposures  and is  mitigated  by  the  short  term  of the
Company's contracts. Credit risk from forward contracts is minimized through the
placement of contracts with multiple financial  institutions.  Forward contracts
are revalued  monthly by comparing  contract rates to month-end  exchange rates.
(See Note O).

                                       35
<PAGE>

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash  equivalents   consist   primarily  of  government  and  government  agency
obligations.  The  Company  considers  all debt  instruments  purchased  with an
original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

Marketable Securities

Marketable  securities  consist of government and government agency  obligations
and corporate  equity  securities.  The Company has  classified  its  marketable
securities  as  "available  for  sale"  and  reports  them at fair  value,  with
unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported as an adjustment
to other comprehensive income (loss), which is reflected as a separate component
of stockholders' equity.

Inventories

Inventories,  principally purchased components,  are stated at the lower of cost
(determined on a first-in,  first-out  basis) or market value.  Inventory in the
digital media market,  including  the Company's  inventory,  is subject to rapid
technological  change  or  obsolescence;   therefore,  utilization  of  existing
inventory may differ from the Company's estimates.

Property and Equipment

Property  and  equipment  is  recorded  at  cost  and   depreciated   using  the
straight-line  method over the  estimated  useful  life of the asset.  Leasehold
improvements  are  amortized  over  the  shorter  of  the  useful  life  of  the
improvement or the remaining term of the lease. Expenditures for maintenance and
repairs are  expensed as  incurred.  Upon  retirement  or other  disposition  of
assets,  the cost and related  accumulated  depreciation are eliminated from the
accounts and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in results of operations. A
significant   portion  of  the  property  and  equipment  is  subject  to  rapid
technological  obsolescence;  as a result,  the  depreciation  and  amortization
periods could ultimately shorten to reflect the change in future technology.

Acquisition-related Intangible Assets

Acquisition-related  intangible assets result from the Company's acquisitions of
Softimage,  TMF and  Pluto  Technologies,  which  were  accounted  for under the
purchase  method,  and consist of the values of identifiable  intangible  assets
including completed technology,  work force and trade name, as well as goodwill.
Goodwill is the amount by which the cost of  acquired  net assets  exceeded  the
fair  values of those net  assets on the date of  purchase.  Acquisition-related
intangible  assets  are  reported  at  cost,  net of  accumulated  amortization.
Identifiable intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their
estimated  useful  lives  of two to  four  years.  Goodwill  is  amortized  on a
straight-line  basis over three years.  The Company  periodically  evaluates the
existence of intangible  asset  impairments.  Recoverability  of these assets is
assessed at each  reporting  period based on  undiscounted  expected cash flows,
considering a number of factors  including past operating  results,  budgets and
economic projections, market trends and product development cycles.

Purchase Consideration

In  conjunction  with the  acquisition  of  Softimage  (see Note F), the Company
issued stock options to retained employees. As agreed with the seller, the value
of the note  payable to the seller  will be  increased  by $39.71 for each share
underlying  options  that  become  forfeited  by  employees.   At  the  date  of
acquisition, the Company recorded these options as purchase consideration on the
balance  sheet at a value of $68.2  million.  As these  options  become  vested,
additional  paid-in capital is increased or,  alternatively,  as the options are
forfeited,  the  note  payable  to  the  seller  is  increased,   with  purchase
consideration being reduced by a corresponding amount in either case.

Revenue Recognition

The Company  recognizes  revenue  from sales of  software or products  including
proprietary  software  upon receipt of a signed  purchase  order or contract and
product  shipment to  distributors  or end users,  provided  that  collection is
reasonably  assured  and all other  revenue  recognition  criteria  of SOP 97-2,
"Software Revenue  Recognition," are met. The Company's  products do not require
significant production,  modification or customization of software. Installation
of the  products is  generally  routine,  requires  insignificant  effort and is
rarely performed by the Company. The Company recognizes revenue from maintenance
contracts  ratably and from training or other  related  services as the services
are  performed.  Revenue  from  services was  immaterial  in relation to product
revenue for all periods presented.

                                       36
<PAGE>

As  part  of  most  sales  transactions,  telephone  support,  enhancements  and
unspecified  upgrades are provided at no additional  charge during the product's
initial warranty period,  generally between three and twelve months. The Company
allocates  a portion of product  revenue to this  warranty  and  recognizes  the
revenue ratably over the warranty  period.  The Company from time to time offers
certain  customers  free upgrades or future  enhancements  of specified  product
releases.  The  Company  allocates  revenue  among all  elements  of the  order,
including specified upgrades, based upon the relative fair value of each element
of the arrangement.  The Company defers  recognition of revenue allocated to the
specified  upgrade  until  delivery has occurred and any  remaining  contractual
terms relating to the upgrade have been met.

Included in accounts  receivable  allowances are sales  allowances  provided for
expected  returns,  rebates and credits and an allowance  for bad debts.  Actual
returns have not differed  materially from  management's  estimates and have not
been  significant.  The Company from time to time offers rebates on purchases of
certain products or rebates based on purchasing volume,  which are accounted for
as offsets to revenue upon shipment of related products or expected  achievement
of purchasing volumes.

During the fourth quarter of 2000, the Company  adopted EITF 00-10,  "Accounting
for Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs." EITF 00-10 requires that shipping and
handling  costs  associated  with  amounts  billed to  customers  be included in
revenues and cost of revenues and not offset  against each other.  Upon adoption
of EITF 00-10, shipping and handling costs should be retroactively  reclassified
for  all  periods  presented  in  the  statement  of  operations.   Due  to  the
immateriality  of shipping  and  handling  costs in all  reported  periods,  the
Company has not reclassified these amounts within the consolidated  statement of
operations for any period prior to adoption.

Research and Development Costs

Research  and  development  costs are  expensed as incurred  except for costs of
internally   developed  or  externally   purchased  software  that  qualify  for
capitalization.  Capitalized  costs are amortized upon general release using the
straight-line  method over the expected life of the related products,  generally
12 to 24 months. The straight-line method generally results in approximately the
same amount of expense as that  calculated  using the ratio that current  period
gross product revenues bear to total  anticipated  gross product  revenues.  The
Company evaluates the net realizable value of capitalized software on an ongoing
basis, relying on a number of business and economic factors.

The  Company  follows  the  guidance  of EITF 00-02 to account  for its web site
development   costs.   To  date,  web  site   development   costs  eligible  for
capitalization have not been material.

Computation of Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share

Net income  (loss) per common  share is  presented  for both basic  earnings per
share ("Basic EPS") and diluted earnings per share ("Diluted EPS"). Basic EPS is
based upon the weighted average number of common shares  outstanding  during the
period excluding  unvested  restricted  stock held by employees.  Diluted EPS is
based upon the weighted  average  number of common and  potential  common shares
outstanding  during the  period.  Potential  common  shares are  included in the
Diluted EPS  calculation  when the effect of their  inclusion would be dilutive.
Potential  common shares result from the assumed  exercise of outstanding  stock
options and warrants as well as unvested  restricted stock shares,  the proceeds
of which are then  assumed to have been used to  repurchase  outstanding  common
stock using the treasury stock method.

Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Comprehensive   income   (loss)   consists  of  net  income   (loss)  and  other
comprehensive   income  (loss),  which  includes  foreign  currency  translation
adjustments  and  unrealized  gains and losses on certain  investments.  For the
purposes of comprehensive income (loss) disclosures, the Company does not record
tax  provisions  or  benefits  for  the  net  changes  in the  foreign  currency
translation   adjustment,   as  the  Company  intends  to  permanently  reinvest
undistributed earnings in its foreign subsidiaries.

Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation

The Company  accounts for  stock-based  awards to employees  using the intrinsic
value method as prescribed by Accounting  Principles  Board ("APB")  Opinion No.
25,  "Accounting  for Stock Issued to Employees,"  and related  interpretations.


                                       37
<PAGE>

Accordingly, no compensation expense is recorded for options issued to employees
in fixed  amounts  and with  fixed  exercise  prices at least  equal to the fair
market  value of the  Company's  common  stock at the  date of  grant.  When the
exercise price of stocks granted to employees is less than the fair market value
of common  stock at the date of  grant,  the  Company  records  that  difference
multiplied by the number of shares under option as deferred compensation,  which
is then amortized over the vesting period of the options. Additionally, deferred
compensation is recorded for restricted  stock granted to employees based on the
fair market value of the Company's  stock at date of grant and is amortized over
the  period in which  the  restrictions  lapse.  The  Company  has  adopted  the
provisions of SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based  Compensation,"  through
disclosure  only. All stock-based  awards to  nonemployees  are accounted for at
their fair value in accordance with SFAS No. 123.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In June 2000 and 1999, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement
of Financial  Accounting Standards Nos. 138 and 137 ("SFAS 138" and "SFAS 137"),
"Accounting for Certain Derivative  Instruments and Certain Hedging Activities -
an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 133." SFAS 138 clarifies  certain  provisions
of SFAS 133,  and SFAS 137  defers the  implementation  of SFAS 133 by one year.
SFAS 133, as amended by SFAS 137 and SFAS 138, is effective for fiscal  quarters
beginning on January 1, 2001 for the  Company,  and its adoption is not expected
to have a material  impact on the  Company's  financial  position  or results of
operations.

In September 2000, the Financial  Accounting  Standard Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting  Standards No. 140 ("SFAS 140"),  "Accounting for Transfers
and  Servicing  of  Financial  Assets and  Extinguishments  of  Liabilities  - a
Replacement  of FASB  Statement  No.  125." SFAS 140  revises the  standards  of
accounting  for  securitizations  and other  transfers of  financial  assets and
collateral  and  requires  certain  disclosures,  and  reiterates  many  of  the
provisions  of SFAS 125.  SFAS 140 is effective  for  transfers and servicing of
financial assets and  extinguishments  of liabilities  occurring after March 31,
2001. SFAS 140 is effective for recognition and  reclassification  of collateral
and for disclosures  relating to securitization  transactions and collateral for
the Company's  fiscal year ending December 31, 2001. The Company does not expect
the application of SFAS 140 to have a material impact on the Company's financial
position or results of operations.

C.    MARKETABLE SECURITIES

The cost  (amortized  cost of debt  instruments)  and fair  value of  marketable
securities as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 are as follows (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      Gross
                                                                    Unrealized         Fair
                                                      Cost        Gains (Losses)       Value
                                                 --------------   --------------   --------------
<S>                                                    <C>               <C>             <C>
               2000
Government and government agency obligations           $16,605              $13          $16,618
Corporate common stock                                                    1,713            1,713
                                                 --------------   --------------   --------------
                                                       $16,605           $1,726          $18,331
                                                 ==============   ==============   ==============

               1999
Federal, state and municipal obligations               $26,747             ($14)         $26,733
                                                 ==============   ==============   ==============
</TABLE>


For the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998,  realized gains and losses
from the sale of each type of security were immaterial.  All federal,  state and
municipal obligations held at December 31, 2000 and 1999 mature within one year.
Gross  realized  gains and losses are  calculated  on a specific  identification
basis.

Corporate  common stock at December 31, 2000  consists of common stock of a U.S.
public  company  received in June 2000 in exchange  for the  Company's  minority
ownership  interest in Avid Sports LLC. No gain or loss was  recorded  upon that
transaction.

                                       38
<PAGE>

D.    INVENTORIES

Inventories consist of the following (in thousands):

                                           December 31,
                                     --------------------------
                                       2000             1999
                                     ---------        ---------
     Raw materials                    $14,082           $9,896
     Work in process                    2,353            1,946
     Finished goods                     4,667            3,127
                                     ---------        ---------
                                      $21,102          $14,969
                                     =========        =========


E.    PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property and equipment consists of the following (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          December 31,
                                                    Depreciable       ---------------------
                                                       Life            2000         1999
                                                  -------------       --------     --------
<S>                                                 <C>               <C>          <C>
Computer and video equipment and software           2 to 5 years      $87,478      $92,467
Office equipment                                    3 years             5,856        5,335
Furniture and fixtures                              3 years             8,786        9,176
Leasehold improvements                              3 to 10 years      16,600       16,950
                                                                      --------     --------
                                                                      118,720      123,928
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization                         92,584       91,180
                                                                      --------     --------
                                                                      $26,136      $32,748
                                                                      ========     ========
</TABLE>


F.    ACQUISITIONS AND INVESTMENTS

Softimage

On August 3, 1998, the Company acquired from Microsoft Corporation ("Microsoft")
the common stock of  Softimage  and certain  assets  relating to the business of
Softimage.  In connection with the acquisition,  Avid paid $79.0 million in cash
to Microsoft and issued to Microsoft (i) a subordinated note (the "Note") in the
amount of $5.0 million,  due June 2003,  (ii) 2,394,813  shares of common stock,
valued at $64.0  million,  and (iii) a ten-year  warrant to  purchase  1,155,235
shares of common stock at an exercise price of $47.65 per share, valued at $26.2
million. In addition,  Avid agreed to issue to Softimage employees 40,706 shares
of common stock, valued at $1.5 million, as well as stock options with a nominal
exercise  price to purchase up to 1,820,817  shares of common  stock,  valued at
$68.2  million  ("Avid  Options").  Avid also  incurred  fees of $4.0 million in
connection with the transaction.  Per terms of the agreements,  shares of common
stock issued to Microsoft  and shares  underlying  the warrant may not be traded
until August 3, 2001.  Additionally,  the  principal  amount of the Note will be
increased by $39.71 for each share underlying  forfeited Avid Options. The value
of the  Avid  Options  has  been  recorded  on the  balance  sheet  as  Purchase
Consideration (see Note B).

The  acquisition  was  accounted  for under the purchase  method of  accounting.
Accordingly, the results of operations of Softimage and the fair market value of
the acquired assets and assumed  liabilities have been included in the financial
statements of the Company as of the  acquisition  date.  The purchase  price was
allocated  to the  acquired  assets  and  assumed  liabilities  as  follows  (in
thousands):

        Working capital, net                         $2,448
        Property and equipment                        3,958
        Completed technologies                       76,205
        In-process research and development          28,373
        Work force                                    7,790
        Trade name                                    4,252
        Deferred tax liability                       (2,945)
        Goodwill                                    127,779
                                                 ------------
                                                   $247,860
                                                 ============

                                       39
<PAGE>

The amounts allocated to identifiable tangible and intangible assets,  including
acquired  in-process  research  and  development,  were  based on  results of an
independent  appraisal.  Goodwill  represents  the  amount  by which the cost of
acquired net assets  exceeded the fair values of those net assets on the date of
purchase.  Acquired in-process research and development  represented development
projects  in areas that had not  reached  technological  feasibility  and had no
alternative future use. Accordingly,  the amount of $28.4 million was charged to
operations  at the date of the  acquisition,  net of the  related tax benefit of
$8.2 million.

The values of completed  technologies  and in-process  research and  development
were determined using a risk-adjusted,  discounted cash flow approach. The value
of  in-process  research  and  development,   specifically,  was  determined  by
estimating the costs to develop the in-process projects into commercially viable
products,   estimating   the  resulting  net  cash  flows  from  such  projects,
discounting the net cash flows back to their present values,  and adjusting that
result to reflect each project's stage of completion.

In-process research and development  projects identified at the acquisition date
included  next-generation  three-dimensional  modeling,  animation and rendering
software  and  new  graphic,   film  and  media   management   capabilities  for
effects-intensive, on-line finishing applications for editing. The nature of the
efforts to develop the purchased in-process  technology into commercially viable
products  principally  relate to (i)  completion  of the animation and real-time
playback  architecture,  completion and  integration of  architectural  software
components,  validation of the resulting  architecture,  and finalization of the
feature  set;  and  (ii)  the  rebuilding  of the  framework  architecture,  the
rewriting of software code of the compositing engine to accommodate  significant
new features, and the rewriting of software code of the titling component.

The Company recorded  deferred tax assets of $6.9 million related to tax credits
and  carryforwards  of Softimage Inc. An additional $2.6 million of deferred tax
assets were not recorded at the acquisition date due to the uncertainty of their
realization. If any benefit of these unrecorded tax credits and carryforwards is
realized in the future,  the  non-current  assets  recorded upon the acquisition
will be reduced at that time by a  corresponding  amount,  before any benefit is
recognized in the statement of operations.

In 1999, the Company recorded reductions of $6.9 million to the goodwill and the
deferred tax liability recorded upon the acquisition, due to a change in the tax
treatment of certain acquired intangible assets.

Accumulated  amortization  associated with  identifiable  intangible  assets was
approximately  $80.8  million and $54.0  million at December  31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively.   The  accumulated   amortization  associated  with  goodwill  was
approximately  $97.8  million and $58.1  million at December  31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively.

At the date of acquisition,  the Company  recorded the value of the Avid options
issued to retained employees as purchase  consideration on the balance sheet. As
agreed  with the  seller,  the value of the note  payable to the seller is being
increased by $39.71 for each share  underlying  options that become forfeited by
employees.  As these  options  become  vested,  additional  paid-in  capital  is
increased or, alternatively,  as the options are forfeited,  the note payable to
the  seller  is  increased,  with  purchase  consideration  being  reduced  by a
corresponding  amount in either case. The following  table shows the activity of
purchase consideration (in thousands):

Purchase consideration at time of acquisition                   $68,177
Forfeited options increasing value of the Note                   (5,172)
Vested options increasing additional paid-in capital             (2,544)
                                                               ---------
Purchase consideration at December 31, 1998                      60,461

Forfeited options increasing value of the Note                   (7,463)
Vested options increasing additional paid-in capital            (29,212)
                                                               ---------
Purchase consideration at December 31, 1999                      23,786

Forfeited options increasing value of the Note                   (3,239)
Vested options increasing additional paid-in capital            (14,884)
                                                               ---------
Purchase consideration at December 31, 2000                      $5,663
                                                               =========

                                       40
<PAGE>

The following  table  presents  unaudited pro forma  information  as if Avid and
Softimage had been combined as of the  beginning of the periods  presented.  The
pro  forma  data  are  presented  for  illustrative  purposes  only  and are not
necessarily  indicative  of  the  combined  financial  position  or  results  of
operations of future  periods or the results that  actually  would have resulted
had Avid and Softimage been a combined company during the specified periods. The
pro forma  results  include the effects of the purchase  price  allocation  from
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and exclude the charge for
the purchased in-process technology and related tax benefit.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                    Pro Forma Unaudited
                                        (in thousands, except per share amounts)

                                             For the Year Ended December 31,
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                                           1998
                                                      ----------------
<S>                                                          <C>
Net revenue                                                  $505,382
                                                      ================
Net income (loss)                                            ($22,329)
                                                      ================
Net income (loss) per common share -  basic                    ($0.89)
                                                      ================
Net income (loss) per common share -  diluted                  ($0.89)
                                                      ================
Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic             25,071
                                                      ================
Weighted average common sharesoutstanding - diluted            25,071
                                                      ================
</TABLE>

iNews, LLC.

In January 1999, Avid and Tektronix,  Inc.  established a 50/50 owned and funded
newsroom computer system joint venture, AvStar Systems LLC ("AvStar"). The joint
venture was  dedicated to providing  the next  generation  of newsroom  computer
systems  products  by  combining  both  companies'   newsroom  computer  systems
technology and certain personnel.  In September 1999, Tektronix  transferred its
interest in AvStar to a third party,  Grass  Valley  Group,  Inc. The  Company's
investment in the joint venture was being  accounted for under the equity method
of  accounting.  The  Company's  initial  contribution  to the joint venture was
approximately $2.0 million,  consisting of $1.5 million of cash and $0.5 million
of fixed  assets  and  inventory.  During the  fourth  quarter  of 1999,  AvStar
distributed  $1.5 million to each joint venture  partner,  which was recorded by
Avid as a return on  investment  during 1999.  The pro rata share of earnings of
the joint venture recorded by the Company during 2000 and 1999 was approximately
$0.9 million and $0,  respectively.  Since September 2000, AvStar has been doing
business as iNews, LLC.

In January 2001, the Company acquired Grass Valley Group's 50% interest in iNews
for approximately $6.0 million. This acquisition will be accounted for under the
purchase method of accounting.  Thereafter,  the operating results of iNews will
be fully consolidated by the Company.

The Motion Factory and Pluto Technologies

During the second and third  quarters  of 2000,  the Company  acquired  selected
assets and liabilities of two companies,  The Motion Factory,  Inc.  ("TMF") and
Pluto  Technologies  International  Inc.  ("Pluto"),  for cash payments totaling
approximately $2.0 million and guaranteed future bonus payments of $0.3 million.
TMF  specializes  in  applications  for the  creation,  delivery and playback of
interactive,  rich 3-D media for character-driven  games and the web. Pluto is a
provider  of  video  storage  and  networking   solutions  for  broadcast  news,
post-production and other bandwith-intensive  markets. The business combinations
were  accounted for using the purchase  method of accounting.  Accordingly,  the
fair market  values of the  acquired  assets and assumed  liabilities  have been
included in the Company's financial  statements as of the acquisition dates, and
the results of  operations  of TMF and Pluto have been included in the Company's
financial statements thereafter.  The purchase prices, aggregating $2.3 million,
were allocated to net tangible assets of $0.1 million, completed technologies of
$1.2  million  and  acquired  workforce  of  $1.0  million.  These  identifiable
intangible  assets are being  amortized on a  straight-line  basis through 2004,
resulting in accumulated  amortization  of $0.3 million at December 31, 2000. As

                                       41
<PAGE>

part of the  purchase  agreements,  the Company may be required to make  certain
contingent  cash  payments,  limited in the aggregate up to an additional  $13.5
million,  dependent upon future  revenues and/or gross margin levels of products
acquired  from TMF and Pluto  through  December  2004.  There were no contingent
payments owed or paid as of December 31, 2000. Any  contingent  payments will be
recorded as additional  purchase  price,  allocated to  identifiable  intangible
assets  or  goodwill,   as   appropriate,   and  amortized  over  the  remaining
amortization period of the intangible asset or goodwill. The Company's pro forma
statements of operations prior to the acquisitions  would not differ  materially
from reported results.

Rocket Network

During the first  quarter  of 2000,  the  Company  acquired  for $2.1  million a
non-controlling  interest in the  unregistered  capital stock of Rocket Network,
Inc., a provider of Internet recording studios which allows audio  professionals
to meet and collaborate on the Internet. This investment was accounted for under
the cost method.  Additionally,  in  connection  with a  technology  development
services agreement with Rocket Network, the Company received warrants to acquire
additional  shares,  of which 50% were  exercisable at date of grant and 50% are
exercisable upon the achievement of certain joint  development  milestones.  The
warrants were deemed by Avid to have an immaterial value as of date of grant and
as of December 31, 2000,  and were not recorded.  If the warrants are exercised,
the  Company's  ownership  interest in Rocket  Network  will be less than twenty
percent.

G.    INCOME TAXES

Loss  before  income  taxes  and the  components  of the  income  tax  provision
(benefit)  for the years ended  December 31, 2000,  1999 and 1998 are as follows
(in thousands):
                                               2000       1999        1998
                                            ---------   ---------   ---------
   Profit (loss) before income taxes:
     United States                          ($54,810)  ($106,930)  ($27,497)
     Foreign                                   3,461      15,751     23,068
                                            ---------   ----------  ---------
     Total loss before income taxes         ($51,349)   ($91,179)   ($4,429)
                                            =========   ==========  =========

   Provisions for (benefit from) income taxes:
     Current tax expense:
      Federal                                            ($6,183)    $7,770
      Foreign                                 $4,912       2,817      4,665
      State                                      148          55        155
                                            ---------   ----------  ---------
     Total current tax expense (benefit)       5,060      (3,311)    12,590

     Deferred tax (benefit) expense:
      Federal                                             42,822    (13,878)
      Foreign                                    (60)      2,211      2,401
      State                                                4,647     (1,909)
                                            ---------   ----------  ---------
     Total deferred tax (benefit) expense        (60)     49,680    (13,386)
                                            ---------   ----------  ---------
     Total income tax  provision (benefit)    $5,000     $46,369      ($796)
                                            =========   ==========  =========

Net cash  payments or  (refunds)  for income  taxes in 2000,  1999 and 1998 were
approximately ($1.3) million, $6.4 million and $6.6 million, respectively.

The  cumulative  amount of  undistributed  earnings  of  subsidiaries,  which is
intended to be permanently  reinvested and for which U.S.  income taxes have not
been provided, totaled approximately $33.4 million at December 31, 2000.

                                       42
<PAGE>

Net deferred tax assets are comprised of the following (in thousands):

                                                                December 31,
                                                         -----------------------
                                                            2000         1999
                                                         ----------   ----------
 Allowances for accounts receivable                         $2,054       $1,947
 Difference in accounting for:
    Revenue                                                  3,844        4,836
    Costs and expenses                                      11,710       12,713
    Inventories                                              2,139        1,820
    Intangible assets                                       62,180       43,770
 Foreign related items                                       1,721          552
 Tax credit and net operating loss carryforwards            34,239       26,965
 Other                                                      (1,486)      (1,414)
                                                         ----------   ----------
 Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance        116,401       91,189
 Valuation allowance                                      (115,962)     (90,637)
                                                         ----------   ----------
 Net deferred tax assets after valuation allowance            $439         $552
                                                         ==========   ==========

Deferred tax assets  reflect the net tax effects of the tax  credits,  operating
loss  carryforwards  and temporary  differences  between the carrying amounts of
assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for
income tax  purposes.  The  ultimate  realization  of the deferred tax assets is
dependent upon the generation of sufficient future taxable income.

For U.S.  Federal  income tax purposes at December 31, 2000, the Company has tax
credit  carryforwards of approximately $15.3 million,  which will expire between
2004 and 2020,  and net  operating  loss  carryforward  of  approximately  $49.9
million,  which will  expire  between  2012 and 2020.  Based on the level of the
deferred  tax assets as of December  31, 2000 and the level of  historical  U.S.
taxable income,  management has determined  that the  uncertainty  regarding the
realization of these assets is sufficient to warrant the establishment of a full
valuation allowance.  Accordingly, a valuation allowance of approximately $113.2
million has been established  through the provision for income taxes against the
U.S.-related  deferred tax assets.  In the event that the related tax benefit is
realized,  such  benefit  will reduce  future  provision  for income  taxes.  In
addition,  a valuation  allowance of $1.5 million has been  established for U.S.
tax return  carryforwards  resulting from stock option compensation  deductions.
The tax benefit associated with the stock option compensation deductions will be
credited to equity when realized.

For foreign  income tax  purposes at December  31,  2000,  the Company has a net
operating  loss  carryforward  of  approximately  $9.1  million,  which  can  be
carryforward  indefinitely.   Due  to  the  similar  uncertainty  regarding  the
realization of this asset, the Company has established through the provision for
income taxes a valuation  allowance of approximately  $1.3 million which relates
to this entire  carryforward  amount and a portion of other foreign deferred tax
assets.

A  reconciliation  of  the  Company's  income  tax  provision  (benefit)  to the
statutory federal tax rate follows:

                                                   2000       1999        1998
                                                 ---------  ---------  ---------
 Statutory rate                                     (35%)       (35%)       35%
 Nondeductible acquisition costs                                            12
 Tax credits                                          (4)         (3)       (8)
 Foreign operations                                    5                    (8)
 State taxes, net of federal benefit                  (3)         (3)       (2)
 Foreign sales corporation                                                  (2)
 Other                                                                       4
                                                 ---------  ---------  ---------

 Effective tax rate before special charge and
  valuation allowance                                (37)        (41)       31

 Rate difference due to charge for in-process
  research and development                                                 (49)
 Change in valuation allowance                        47          99
 Reduction in required tax liabilities                            (7)
                                                 ---------  ---------  ---------
 Effective tax rate                                   10%        51%      (18%)
                                                 =========  =========  =========


                                      43
<PAGE>

For the year ended  December 31, 1998,  the  effective  tax rate before  special
charge is based on a profit  before tax amount that  excludes the $28.4  million
charge for in-process  research and  development,  of which $6.7 million was not
deductible for tax purposes.  The Company's  actual  effective tax rate of (18%)
for the year reflects a tax benefit equal to 29% of this one-time charge.

Consolidated  results of operations include results of manufacturing  operations
in Ireland.  Income  from the sale of  products  manufactured  or  developed  in
Ireland is subject to a 10% Irish tax rate  through the year 2010.  There was no
Irish  tax  benefit  in 2000  and  1999  due to a loss  recorded  for the  Irish
manufacturing operations.  The favorable Irish tax rate resulted in tax benefits
of approximately  $1.5 million in 1998. The 1998 basic and diluted per share tax
benefit was $0.06.

H.    LONG-TERM DEBT AND OTHER LIABILITIES

Long-term debt and other liabilities consist of the following (in thousands):

                                                          December 31,
                                                     ----------------------
                                                       2000          1999
                                                     --------      --------

  Subordinated note                                  $12,874        $9,635

  Long-term deferred compensation (see Note L)                       3,023
  Long-term deferred tax liabilities (see Note G)        575         1,562
                                                     --------      --------
                                                     $13,449       $14,220
                                                     ========      ========

Subordinated Note

In connection with the acquisition of Softimage (see Note F), Avid issued a $5.0
million subordinated note (the "Note") to Microsoft  Corporation.  The principal
amount of the Note,  including  any  adjustments  relative to Avid stock options
forfeited by Softimage  employees,  plus all unpaid  accrued  interest is due on
June 15,  2003.  The Note bears  interest at 9.5% per year,  payable  quarterly.
Through  December 31, 2000, the Note has been increased by  approximately  $15.9
million for  forfeited  Avid stock  options.  During  1999,  the Company  made a
principal payment of $8.0 million.  The Company also made cash interest payments
of $1.1  million,  $0.6  million and $0.1 million  during  2000,  1999 and 1998,
respectively.

Bank Overdraft Facilities

Two  of  the  Company's  international  subsidiaries  have  unsecured  overdraft
facilities  that permit  aggregate  borrowings  of Irish punt 150,000 and German
mark  400,000.  No  borrowings  were  outstanding  under these  facilities as of
December 31, 2000 or 1999.

I.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Lease Commitments

The Company leases its office space and certain  equipment under  non-cancelable
operating   leases.   The  future   minimum   lease   commitments   under  these
non-cancelable leases at December 31, 2000 are as follows (in thousands):


               2001                     $14,632
               2002                      14,033
               2003                      11,822
               2004                      11,036
               2005                      10,674
               Thereafter                40,239
                                        --------
               Total                    $102,436
                                        ========

The  total of  future  minimum  rentals  to be  received  by the  Company  under
non-cancelable  subleases  related to the above  leases is $15.3  million.  Such
amounts are not reflected in the schedule of minimum lease payments above.

                                       44
<PAGE>

The Company's two leases for corporate office space in Tewksbury, Massachusetts,
expiring June 2010,  contain renewal  options to extend the respective  terms of
each lease for an  additional  60 months.  The  Company's  lease for the Dublin,
Ireland  facility  has a  termination  option in April  2002,  which if  elected
requires the Company to pay certain  penalties of  approximately  $338,000.  The
Company also has other various leases which include  termination options that if
exercised would result in penalties totaling $160,000.  The future minimum lease
commitments above include the Company's  obligations  through the original lease
terms and do not include these penalties.

The accompanying  consolidated  results of operations  reflect rent expense on a
straight-line  basis  over the term of the  leases.  Total  rent  expense  under
operating  leases was  approximately  $11.2  million,  $12.3  million  and $12.4
million for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

Purchase Commitments

As of December 31, 2000,  the Company has entered into  non-cancelable  purchase
commitments for certain components used in its normal  operations.  The purchase
commitments covered by these agreements are generally for one year and aggregate
approximately $5.8 million.

The Company currently purchases certain key components used in its products from
sole source  suppliers.  These components are purchased  through purchase orders
placed  from time to time.  The  Company  generally  does not carry  significant
inventories  of  these  sole  source  components  and has no  guaranteed  supply
arrangements  for them.  These  purchasing  arrangements can result in delays in
obtaining   products  from  time  to  time.  While  the  Company  believes  that
alternative sources of supply for its sole source components could be developed,
its business and results of operations could be adversely affected if it were to
encounter an extended interruption in its source of supply.

Transactions with Recourse

The Company,  through a third party,  provides  lease  financing  options to its
customers,  including  distributors.  Under the terms of these leases, which are
generally  three  years,  the Company  remains  liable for any unpaid  principal
balance  upon  default by the  end-user,  but such  liability  is limited in the
aggregate  based on a percentage of initial amounts funded or, in certain cases,
amounts of unpaid  balances.  At December  31,  2000,  1999 and 1998,  the third
party's uncollected balance of lease receivables with recourse was approximately
$92.9  million,  $98.2 million and $86.1  million,  respectively;  at those same
dates,  Avid's maximum  recourse  totaled  approximately  $23.2  million,  $22.7
million and $22.3 million,  respectively. The Company records revenue from these
transactions upon the shipment of products and maintains a reserve for estimated
losses under this recourse  lease program based on historic  default  rates.  To
date, the Company has not  experienced  significant  losses under this financing
lease program.

The Company also has an  arrangement  whereby it receives cash from the transfer
of certain  receivables  to a third  party.  The  Company is liable to the third
party for any amounts not paid by the customer.  The Company records a liability
for the amount  received,  and such  liability and the related  receivables  are
relieved  upon payment by the  customer to the third  party.  As of December 31,
2000 and 1999, a liability of $0.3 million and $3.6 million,  respectively,  was
recorded for receivables transferred which had not been paid as of those dates.

Contingencies

On June 7, 1995, the Company filed a patent infringement complaint in the United
States   District  Court  for  the  District  of   Massachusetts   against  Data
Translation,  Inc.  (now known as Media 100),  a  Marlboro,  Massachusetts-based
company.  Avid is seeking judgment  against Data  Translation  that, among other
things, Data Translation has willfully infringed Avid's patent number 5,045,940,
entitled  "Video/Audio  Transmission System and Method." Avid is also seeking an
award of treble damages  together with  prejudgment  interest and costs,  Avid's
costs and  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and an  injunction  to prohibit  further
infringement  by Data  Translation.  The litigation  has been dismissed  without
prejudice  (with  leave to  refile)  pending a decision  by the U.S.  Patent and
Trademark Office on a reissue patent application based on the issued patent.

On March 11, 1996,  the Company was named as defendant in a patent  infringement
suit filed in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas
by Combined Logic Company,  a California  partnership  located in Beverly Hills,
California.  On May 16,  1996,  the suit was  transferred  to the United  States
District  Court for the Southern  District of New York on motion by the Company.
The complaint  alleges  infringement  by Avid of U.S.  patent number  4,258,385,
issued in 1981,  and seeks  injunctive  relief,  treble  damages and costs,  and
attorneys'  fees. The Company  believes that it has meritorious  defenses to the
complaint and intends to contest it vigorously.  However,  an adverse resolution
of this  litigation  could  have a  material  adverse  effect  on the  Company's
consolidated  financial position or results of operations in the period in which
the  litigation  is resolved.  No costs have been accrued for this possible loss
contingency.

                                      45
<PAGE>

In March  1999,  the  Company  and  Tektronix,  Inc.,  were  sued by Glen  Holly
Entertainment,   Inc.,  a  Tektronix  distributor,   claiming  that  Tektronix's
discontinuance  of the  Tektronix  Lightworks  product  line was the result of a
strategic  alliance by Tektronix and Avid.  Glen Holly has raised  antitrust and
other  common law causes of action  against the  Company,  and seeks lost future
profits, treble damages, attorneys' fees, and interest. The case is currently in
discovery and trial has been set for June 2001.  The Company views the complaint
as without merit and intends to defend itself  vigorously.  However,  an adverse
resolution  of this  litigation  could have an adverse  effect on the  Company's
consolidated  financial position or results of operations in the period in which
the  litigation  is resolved.  No costs have been accrued for this possible loss
contingency.

The Company also receives  inquiries from time to time with regard to additional
possible patent infringement  claims.  These inquiries are generally referred to
counsel  and  are in  various  stages  of  discussion.  If any  infringement  is
determined to exist, the Company may seek licenses or settlements.  In addition,
from time to time as a normal incidence of the nature of the Company's business,
various claims,  charges, and litigation have been asserted or commenced against
the  Company  arising  from or related to  contractual  or  employee  relations,
intellectual property rights or product performance. Management does not believe
these claims will have a material  adverse  effect on the financial  position or
results of operations of the Company.

The Company has entered into employment  agreements with certain officers of the
Company that  provide for  severance  pay and  benefits,  including  accelerated
vesting of options.  Under the terms of the agreements,  these officers  receive
100% of such  severance  benefits  if they are  involuntarily  terminated.  Such
agreements  are  effective  for two years  and are  automatically  extended  for
successive one-year periods after the second anniversary, unless 30 days advance
written  notice is given by either  party.  The  Company has also  entered  into
change in control employment agreements with certain officers of the Company. As
defined in the agreements,  a change in control includes, but is not limited to:
a third  person or entity  becoming the  beneficial  owner of 30% or more of the
Company's common stock, the shareholders  approving any plan or proposal for the
liquidation or dissolution of the Company,  or within a twenty-four month period
a  majority  of the  members  of the  Company's  Board of  Directors  ceasing to
continue as members of the board unless their successors are each approved by at
least two-thirds of the Company's directors.  If at any time within two years of
the change in control, the officer's employment is terminated by the Company for
any reason other than cause or by the officer for good reason, as such terms are
defined in the  agreement,  then the  employee is  entitled  to receive  certain
severance  payments  plus an  amount  equal to  compensation  earned  under  the
management incentive  compensation plan during the previous two years as well as
accelerated vesting of options.

J.    CAPITAL STOCK

Preferred Stock

The Company has authorized up to one million shares of preferred stock, $.01 par
value per share for  issuance.  Each series of  preferred  stock shall have such
rights,  preferences,  privileges  and  restrictions,  including  voting rights,
dividend  rights,  conversion  rights,  redemption  privileges,  and liquidation
preferences, as shall be determined by the Board of Directors.

Shareholder Rights Plan

In February 1996, the Board of Directors approved a Shareholder Rights Plan. The
rights were distributed in March 1996 as a dividend at the rate of one right for
each share of Common Stock  outstanding.  No value was assigned to these rights.
The  rights  may be  exercised  to  purchase  shares of a new series of $.01 par
value, junior participating preferred stock or to purchase a number of shares of
the Company's  common stock which equals the exercise price of the right,  $115,
divided by one-half of the then-current market price, upon occurrence of certain
events, including the purchase of 20% or more of the Company's common stock by a
person or group of  affiliated  or  associated  persons.  The  rights  expire on
February  28,  2006 and may be redeemed by the Company for $.01 each at any time
prior to the tenth  day  following  a change in  control  and in  certain  other
circumstances.

Common Stock

In 2000, 1999 and 1997, the Company granted shares of restricted common stock to
certain employees under Company stock option and award plans. The grants totaled
260,000  shares,  50,000  shares,  and 347,200  shares,  respectively.  Unvested
restricted  shares may not be sold,  transferred  or assigned and are subject to
forfeiture  in the event that an employee  ceases to be employed by the Company.
The shares under the 1997 award vest (and  restrictions  lapse)  annually in 20%
increments, and accelerated vesting may occur if certain stock price performance

                                       46
<PAGE>

goals  established  by the  Board of  Directors  are  met.  On May 1,  1998,  an
additional  20% of the  restricted  stock became vested due to the attainment of
specific stock performance goals. The shares under the 1999 and 2000 awards vest
40% on the first  anniversary  and 60% on the second  anniversary of the awards.
The Company initially  recorded in 1997, 1999 and 2000, as a separate  component
of stockholders'  equity,  deferred  compensation of approximately $9.1 million,
$0.6 million,  and $3.2 million,  respectively,  with respect to this restricted
stock.  During 2000, the Company also completed a Stock Option Exchange  Program
whereby  employees  could  request that  certain  outstanding  stock  options be
exchanged for shares of restricted common stock according to specified  exchange
ratios.  The  Company  granted  118,115  shares of  restricted  common  stock in
exchange  for stock  options to  purchase  431,836  shares of common  stock with
exercise  prices  ranging  from  $9.44  to  $45.25.  The new  awards  vest  (and
restrictions  lapse)  annually over three years from date of grant.  The Company
initially recorded,  as a separate component of stockholders'  equity,  deferred
compensation  of  approximately  $1.4 million  with  respect to this  restricted
stock.  The  deferred  compensation  amounts  for all  restricted  stock  awards
represent the fair value of the Company's  common stock at the date of the award
less par value and are recorded as  compensation  expense  ratably as the shares
vest. For the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998,  approximately $2.2
million,  $1.4  million,  and  $3.2  million,   respectively,  was  recorded  as
compensation expense under all of these plans.

During 1998,  the Company  announced  that the Board of Directors had authorized
the  repurchase  of up to 3.5  million  shares of the  Company's  common  stock.
Purchases  have  been  and  will be  made in the  open  market  or in  privately
negotiated  transactions.  The Company has used and plans to continue to use any
repurchased  shares for its  employee  stock  plans.  During  1998,  the Company
repurchased  approximately 2.0 million shares of common stock at a cost of $61.8
million.  During 1999, the Company  repurchased a total of 1.2 million shares of
common stock at a cost of $19.7  million.  As of December  31, 2000,  there were
approximately   232,000  shares  remaining  authorized  for  repurchase.   These
remaining shares were repurchased in the open market during the first quarter of
2001 at a cost of $4.1 million.

Warrants

In connection  with the  acquisition of Softimage Inc. (see Note F), the Company
issued to  Microsoft  a ten-year  warrant to  purchase  1,155,235  shares of the
Company's common stock, valued at $26.2 million. The warrants became exercisable
on August 3, 2000, at a price of $47.65 per share, and expire on August 3, 2008.

K.     STOCK PLANS

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

The Company's 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended through February 23,
2000,  authorizes the issuance of a maximum of 1,200,000  shares of common stock
in  semi-annual  offerings  to employees at a price equal to the lower of 85% of
the closing price on the  applicable  offering  commencement  date or 85% of the
closing price on the applicable offering termination date.

Stock Option and Award Plans

The Company has several  stock-based  compensation  plans under which employees,
officers,  directors and  consultants  may be granted stock awards or options to
purchase the  Company's  common stock  generally at the fair market value on the
date of grant.  Certain  plans  allow for  options  to be  granted at below fair
market  value under  certain  circumstances.  Options  become  exercisable  over
various  periods,  typically two to four years for employees and  immediately to
four years for  officers and  directors.  The options have a maximum term of ten
years.  As of December 31, 2000, a maximum of 13,670,000  shares of common stock
have been authorized for issuance under the Company's  stock-based  compensation
plans, of which 3,364,838  remain  available for future grants.  Included in the
total shares authorized are 816,021 shares issued as restricted stock.

                                       47
<PAGE>

Information  with respect to options  granted under all stock option plans is as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    2000                        1999                      1998
                                         -------------------------   -------------------------   -------------------------
                                                        Wtd. Avg.                   Wtd. Avg.                   Wtd. Avg.
                                                          Price                       Price                       Price
                                            Shares      Per Share       Shares      Per Share       Shares      Per Share
                                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------

<S>                                       <C>             <C>         <C>             <C>         <C>             <C>
Options outstanding at January 1,         8,253,557       $15.95      7,401,490       $16.63      3,573,527       $16.09

Granted, at fair value                    2,743,191       $14.09      2,551,790       $14.64      3,208,674       $26.19
Granted, below fair value                   145,000        $7.54                                  1,820,817       $ 0.01
Exercised                                (1,312,985)       $6.31       (481,003)      $12.53       (650,420)      $13.74
Canceled                                 (2,772,530)      $20.48     (1,218,720)      $18.34       (551,108)      $16.52
                                         -----------                 -----------                 -----------

Options outstanding at December 31,       7,056,233       $15.01      8,253,557       $15.95      7,401,490       $16.63
                                         ===========                 ===========                 ===========

Options exercisable at December 31,       3,445,350       $15.74      3,388,955       $16.80      1,658,724       $15.94
                                         ===========                 ===========                 ===========

Options available for future grant at
  December 31,                            3,364,838                   1,529,362                   1,660,022
                                         ===========                 ===========                 ===========
</TABLE>

The following table summarizes  information  about stock options  outstanding at
December 31, 2000:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                       Options Outstanding                                 Options Exercisable
----------------------------------------------------------------------   -----------------------
                                       Weighted-
                                        Average
    Range of           Number         Remaining       Weighted-Average      Number      Weighted-Average
Exercise Prices      Outstanding   Contractual Life    Exercise Price     Exercisable    Exercise Price
------------------   -----------   ----------------   ----------------    -----------   ----------------
<S>                   <C>                    <C>              <C>          <C>                  <C>
 $0.01 to $11.19        973,893              7.26              $5.39         629,147             $5.49

$11.31 to $11.50      1,690,157              8.98             $11.39         800,296            $11.38
$11.56 to $14.50      1,435,485              9.01             $13.43         256,791            $13.33
$14.75 to $19.63      1,467,551              7.24             $16.98         827,665            $17.52
$19.75 to $45.25      1,489,147              7.44             $24.98         931,451            $25.48
                     -----------                                          -----------

 $0.01 to $45.25      7,056,233              8.06             $15.01       3,445,350            $15.74
                     ===========                                          ===========
</TABLE>


Had  compensation  cost for the Company's  stock-based  compensation  plans been
determined based on the fair value at the grant dates for the awards under these
plans  consistent  with the  methodology  prescribed  under  SFAS No.  123,  the
Company's  net loss and loss per share would have been adjusted to the pro forma
amounts indicated below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          2000                       1999                      1998
                 -----------------------   ------------------------   -----------------------
                                Loss                       Loss                      Loss
                  Net Loss    per share     Net Loss     per share     Net Loss    per share
                 ----------   ----------   -----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
<S>               <C>            <C>        <C>             <C>        <C>            <C>
  As Reported     ($56,349)      ($2.28)    ($137,548)      ($5.75)     ($3,633)      ($0.15)
                 ==========   ==========   ===========   ==========   ==========   ==========


   Pro Forma      ($68,372)      ($2.77)    ($154,898)      ($6.48)    ($13,598)      ($0.58)
                 ==========   ==========   ===========   ==========   ==========   ==========
</TABLE>


During 1998,  the Company  issued stock  options to purchase  approximately  1.8
million shares of common stock with a nominal  exercise price in connection with
the acquisition of Softimage (see Note F). As a result of this nominal  exercise
price,  the  Company  excluded  the  effects  of the  options  issued  from  the
calculation of pro forma net loss for SFAS No. 123  disclosures of  compensation
expense.  The Softimage  purchase price included the excess of the fair value of
the Company's stock on the grant date over the exercise prices.

                                       48
<PAGE>

Under SFAS 123,  the fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of
grant  using  the   Black-Scholes   option  pricing  model  with  the  following
weighted-average assumptions and results:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                        Stock Options              Stock Purchase Plan
                                  -------------------------     -------------------------
                                   2000      1999     1998       2000      1999     1998
                                  -------------------------     -------------------------
<S>                               <C>       <C>      <C>        <C>       <C>      <C>
Expected dividend yield            0.0%      0.0%     0.0%        0.0%     0.0%     0.0%
Risk-free interest  rate           6.0%      6.0%     5.2%        6.0%     6.0%     5.2%
Expected volatility               74.0%     61.8%    61.8%       74.0%    61.8%    61.8%
Expected-life (in months)         15        15       17          6         6        6
Weighted-average fair value
 of options granted               $7.35     $5.61    $13.29     $4.63     $5.91    $10.38

</TABLE>

L.    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT AND PROFIT SHARING PLANS

Employee Benefit Plans

The Company has an employee  benefit plan under  section  401(k) of the Internal
Revenue Code covering  substantially all U.S. employees.  The 401(k) plan allows
employees  to  make  contributions  up  to  a  specified   percentage  of  their
compensation.  The Company may, upon resolution by the Board of Directors,  make
discretionary contributions to the plan. In 1998, the Company contributed 33% of
up to the  first  6% of an  employee's  salary  contributed  to the  plan by the
employee. Effective January 1, 1999, the Company's contribution was increased to
50% of up to the first 6% of an employee's salary contributed to the plan by the
employee.  The Company's  contributions to this plan totaled $1.6 million,  $2.2
million and $1.3 million in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

In  addition,  the Company  has various  retirement  and  post-employment  plans
covering  certain  international  employees.  Certain of the plans  require  the
Company to match employee  contributions up to a specified percentage as defined
by the plans.  The Company  made related  contributions  of  approximately  $1.5
million, $1.3 million and $1.0 million in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

Profit Sharing and Executive Compensation Plans

The Company has profit sharing plans that cover  substantially  all employees of
the  Company  and its  participating  subsidiaries,  other than those  employees
covered by other incentive  plans. The plans provide that the Company contribute
a varying percentage of salary based on the Company's achievement of performance
goals set by management and the Board of Directors for each fiscal year.

1998 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan

In December 1997, the Board of Directors approved the 1998 Nonqualified Deferred
Compensation Plan (the "1998 Deferred Plan"). The 1998 Deferred Plan,  effective
January  1, 1998,  covers  selected  senior  management  and highly  compensated
employees,  as  approved  by the  Company's  Compensation  Committee.  The  plan
provides for a trust to which participants can contribute varying percentages or
amounts of eligible compensation for deferred payment. Payouts are made upon the
earlier of the election of the employee or  termination  of employment  with the
Company. The benefit payable under the 1998 Deferred Plan represents an unfunded
and  unsecured  contractual  obligation  of the  Company to pay the value of the
deferred compensation in the future,  adjusted to reflect the trust's investment
performance.  The assets of the trust, as well as the corresponding obligations,
were  approximately  $1.5  million and $3.0  million as of December 31, 2000 and
1999,  respectively,  and were  recorded  in other  current  assets and  accrued
compensation and benefits at December 31, 2000.

M.    RESTRUCTURING AND OTHER COSTS

In the  fourth  quarter  of  1999,  the  Company  announced  and  implemented  a
restructuring  plan to  strategically  refocus the  Company and bring  operating
expenses  in line  with  net  revenues  with  the  goal of  restoring  long-term
profitability  to the  Company.  The major  elements of the  restructuring  plan
included  the  termination  of certain  employees  and the  vacating  of certain
facilities.  The plan also provided for no further  releases of a limited number

                                      49
<PAGE>

of existing product offerings, including stand-alone Marquee, Avid Cinema, Media
Illusion and  Matador.  In  connection  with this plan,  the Company  recorded a
restructuring  charge of $9.6 million.  The charge included  approximately  $6.6
million for severance and related costs for 209 employees on a worldwide  basis,
$2.4 million for facility vacancy costs and  approximately  $600,000 of non-cash
charges  relating to the disposition of certain fixed assets.  All employees had
been informed of their termination and related benefits by December 31, 1999.

The following table sets forth the activity in the restructuring accrual in 1999
and 2000 (in thousands):

                                        Employee   Facilities   Fixed
                                        Related     Related     Assets   Total
                                       -----------------------------------------
Restructuring charge in 1999             $6,623      $2,443     $541     $9,607
Cash payments made in 1999               (2,202)       (289)             (2,491)
                                       -----------------------------------------
Accrual balance at December 31, 1999      4,421       2,154      541      7,116

Cash payments made in 2000               (3,987)       (761)             (4,748)
Non-cash disposals                                              (515)      (515)
Revisions of estimated liabilities          (35)         61      (26)         -
                                       -----------------------------------------
Accrual balance at December 31, 2000       $399      $1,454       $0     $1,853
                                       =========================================

The  Company   expects  that  the  majority  of  the   remaining   $0.4  million
employee-related  accrual  balance  will be expended  over the next 6 months and
will be funded from working capital. The  facilities-related  accrual represents
estimated  losses on  subleases  of space  vacated as part of the  restructuring
action.  The lease extends  through 2010 unless the Company is able to negotiate
an earlier termination.

In December  1999,  the Company  entered  into an  agreement to sell its Italian
subsidiary to a third party,  which  established  the entity as a distributor of
Avid products.  The sale was completed in the first quarter of 2000. The Company
incurred and recorded a loss of approximately $2.0 million relating to the sale,
including  a reserve of $1.0  million  for the  Company's  guarantee  of the new
entity's line of credit with a bank which ended January 31, 2001.

In 1999, in connection  with the  resignation  of two  executive  officers,  the
Company  incurred  and  recorded a charge of $2.9  million  for the  termination
benefits as specified in the employment  contracts of the officers.  During 2000
and 1999, cash payments of approximately $1.4 million and $0.2 million were made
and, at December 31, 2000, the related accrual was $1.3 million.

As described in Note F, in connection  with the 1998  acquisition  of Softimage,
the Company  recorded a charge of  approximately  $28.4  million in 1998 for the
acquired  in-process  research and development.  The related tax benefit of $8.2
million was reflected in the 1998 tax provision (benefit).

N.    SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Company's organizational structure is based on strategic business units that
offer various products to the principle markets in which the Company's  products
are sold. These business units equate to two reportable segments: Video and Film
Editing and Effects and Professional Audio.

The Video and Film Editing and Effects segment produces nonlinear video and film
editing  systems to  improve  the  productivity  of video and film  editors  and
broadcasters  by enabling  them to edit moving  pictures  and sound in a faster,
easier, more creative, and more cost-effective manner than by use of traditional
analog tape-based  systems.  The products in this operating segment are designed
to provide  capabilities  for editing and finishing  feature  films,  television
shows,  broadcast news programs,  commercials,  music videos,  and corporate and
home videos.  The Professional  Audio segment produces digital audio systems for
the  professional  audio  market.   This  operating  segment  includes  products
developed to provide audio recording,  editing, signal processing, and automated
mixing.

The accounting  policies of each of the segments are the same as those described
in the  summary  of  significant  accounting  policies.  The  Company  evaluates
performance  based on  profit  and loss from  operations  before  income  taxes,
interest  income,  interest  expenses and other  income,  further  excluding the
effects of nonrecurring charges and amortization of intangible assets associated
with  acquisitions.  Common  costs not  directly  attributable  to a  particular
segment are allocated  among  segments  based on  management's  best  estimates,
including  an  allocation  of  depreciation   expense  without  a  corresponding
allocation of the related assets.  The segments are reported net of eliminations
resulting from  intersegment  sales and  transfers.  The Company does not report
segment  assets  as part of the  assessment  of  segment  performance,  as such,
segment asset information is not available.

                                       50
<PAGE>

The following is a summary of the Company's operations by reportable segment (in
thousands):

                                           For the Year Ended December 31,
                                          ---------------------------------
                                            2000        1999        1998
                                          ---------   ---------   ---------
    Video and Film Editing and Effects:
          Net revenues                    $353,647    $361,012    $412,374
                                          =========   =========   =========
          Depreciation                     $16,219     $20,017     $20,290
                                          =========   =========   =========
          Operating income (loss)         ($11,671)   ($20,061)    $37,818
                                          =========   =========   =========
    Professional Audio:
          Net revenues                    $122,443     $91,543     $70,003
                                          =========   =========   =========
          Depreciation                      $1,174      $1,005      $1,373
                                          =========   =========   =========
          Operating income (loss)          $23,464     $19,771     $11,694
                                          =========   =========   =========

    Combined Segments:
          Net revenues                    $476,090    $452,555    $482,377
                                          =========   =========   =========
          Depreciation                     $17,393     $21,022     $21,663
                                          =========   =========   =========
          Operating income (loss)          $11,793       ($290)    $49,512
                                          =========   =========   =========

The following table  reconciles  income (loss) for reportable  segments to total
consolidated  amounts for the years ended  December 31, 2000,  1999 and 1998 (in
thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             2000       1999       1998
                                                           ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                                                        <C>        <C>        <C>
  Total operating income (loss) for reportable segments     $11,793      ($290)   $49,512
  Unallocated amounts:
    Restructuring and other costs                                      (14,469)   (28,373)
    Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets   (66,872)   (79,879)   (34,204)
                                                           ---------  ---------  ---------
  Consolidated operating loss                              ($55,079)  ($94,638)  ($13,065)
                                                           =========  =========  =========
</TABLE>

The 2000 unallocated  amount represents the amortization of acquired  intangible
assets, including goodwill, as described in Note F. The 1999 unallocated amounts
represent the charges for the 1999 restructuring  actions,  the loss on the sale
of the Company's Italian  subsidiary and other personnel related severance costs
as well as the amortization of acquired  intangible assets,  including goodwill,
as described in Notes F and M. The 1998 unallocated amounts represent the charge
for  in-process  research  and  development  and the  amortization  of  acquired
intangible  assets,  including  goodwill,  associated  with the  acquisition  of
Softimage as described in Note F.

The following  table  summarizes the Company's  revenues and long-lived  assets,
excluding intangible assets and deferred tax assets, by country (in thousands):

                                            For the Year Ended December 31,
                                            -------------------------------
                                              2000       1999       1998
                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
     Revenues
       North America (U.S. and Canada)      $232,664   $220,405   $244,476
       Germany                                38,347     46,454     43,825
       United Kingdom                         39,981     38,420     47,511
       Other foreign countries               165,098    147,276    146,565
                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
     Total revenues                         $476,090   $452,555   $482,377
                                            =========  =========  =========

                                       51
<PAGE>
                                                     December 31,
                                            -------------------------------
                                              2000       1999       1998
                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
      Long-lived assets
       North America (U.S. and Canada)       $28,026    $37,714    $35,309
       United Kingdom                            773      1,248      1,867
       Other foreign countries                 1,262      1,550      2,370
                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
     Total long-lived assets                 $30,061    $40,512    $39,546
                                            =========  =========  =========

Foreign revenue is based on the country in which the sales originate.

O.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of
credit risk consist of temporary cash  investments  and trade  receivables.  The
Company places its excess cash in marketable investment grade securities.  There
are no  significant  concentrations  in any one issuer of debt  securities.  The
Company  places  its cash,  cash  equivalents  and  investments  with  financial
institutions  with high  credit  standing.  Concentrations  of credit  risk with
respect to trade  receivables  are limited due to the large  number of customers
comprising the Company's  customer bases, and their dispersion  across different
regions.  The Company also  maintains  reserves for potential  credit losses and
such losses have been within management's expectations.

Forward-Exchange Contracts

As of December 31, 2000 and 1999,  the Company had  approximately  $34.5 million
and $31.7 million,  respectively, of foreign currency forward-exchange contracts
outstanding,  denominated in various European, Asian and Canadian currencies, as
a hedge  against its  intercompany  and  third-party  receivables  and  payables
exposures.  The following table summarizes the Company's net currency  positions
and approximate U.S. dollar equivalents (in thousands) at December 31, 2000; the
Company is in a sell  position  with  respect to the euro,  Canadian  dollar and
Japanese  yen, and in a buy position  with respect to the British  pound and the
Australian dollar:

                                                             Approximate
                                   Local Currency            U.S. Dollar
                                       Amount                Equivalent
                                  ------------------      ------------------
             euro                      20,000                  $18,664
             Canadian dollar            3,000                    1,984
             Japanese yen             190,000                    1,673
             British pound              7,000                   10,498
             Australian dollar          3,000                    1,669
                                                               --------
                                                               $34,488
                                                               ========

The  forward-exchange  contracts  generally  have  maturities of one month.  Net
realized and unrealized  gains (losses) of  approximately  ($0.9) million,  $3.0
million  and ($1.1)  million  resulting  from  forward-exchange  contracts  were
included in results of operations  for the years ended  December 31, 2000,  1999
and 1998, respectively.

P.    NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE

Diluted net loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2000,  1999 and 1998
excludes the effect of options and warrants to purchase 1,415,966, 2,031,990 and
2,534,833  weighted  shares of common  stock  outstanding  as of the  respective
year-ends.  Inclusion of these options and warrants would be  anti-dilutive  for
each of reported periods.

                                       52
<PAGE>

Q.    SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION

The following table reflects supplemental cash flow investing activities related
to the Softimage, TMF and Pluto acquisitions.

                                           Year Ended            Year Ended
                                        December 31, 2000     December 31, 1998
                                        -----------------    ------------------
  Fair value of:
     Assets acquired and goodwill                $2,802             $257,233
     Liabilities assumed                           (812)             (13,374)
     Debt, common stock, stock options
       and warrant issued                                           (164,859)
                                        -----------------    ------------------
  Cash paid                                       1,990               79,000
  Less: cash acquired                                 -                 (584)
                                        -----------------    ------------------
  Net cash paid for acquisition                  $1,990              $78,416
                                        =================    ==================

R.    QUARTERLY RESULTS (UNAUDITED)

The following information has been derived from unaudited consolidated financial
statements  that,  in the opinion of  management,  include all normal  recurring
adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of such information.

In thousands, except per share data:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            Quarters Ended
                                      ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      2000                                        1999
                                      ---------------------------------------  -----------------------------------------
                                      Dec. 31   Sept. 30   June 30   Mar. 31    Dec. 31    Sept. 30   June 30   Mar. 31
                                      ---------------------------------------  -----------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>      <C>
Net revenues                          $126,144  $121,292  $119,959  $108,696    $111,640   $113,279  $116,353  $111,283
Cost of revenues                        62,929    60,303    57,934    53,258      55,872     55,310    50,275    44,420
                                      ---------------------------------------  -----------------------------------------
 Gross profit                           63,215    60,989    62,025    55,438      55,768     57,969    66,078    66,863
                                      ---------------------------------------  -----------------------------------------
Operating expenses:
 Research & development                 21,740    20,890    20,825    19,445      21,417     20,623    22,644    24,248
 Marketing & selling                    29,560    29,989    31,382    28,539      30,237     33,564    33,525    32,563
 General & administrative                6,421     6,070     8,101     6,912       7,538      6,598     7,270     6,741
 Restructuring and other costs                                                    14,469
 Amortization of acquisition-related
  intangible assets                     12,418    14,862    19,792    19,800      19,792     19,789    19,787    20,511
                                      ---------------------------------------  -----------------------------------------
  Total operating expenses              70,139    71,811    80,100    74,696      93,453     80,574    83,226    84,063
                                      ---------------------------------------  -----------------------------------------
Operating loss                          (6,924)  (10,822)  (18,075)  (19,258)    (37,685)   (22,605)  (17,148)  (17,200)
Other income, net                          604       849     1,233     1,044         857        739     1,263       600
                                      ---------------------------------------  -----------------------------------------
Loss before income taxes                (6,320)   (9,973)  (16,842)  (18,214)    (36,828)   (21,866)  (15,885)  (16,600)

Provision for (benefit from)
 income taxes                            1,250     1,250     1,250     1,250      68,110     (8,746)   (7,849)   (5,146)
                                      ---------------------------------------  -----------------------------------------

Net loss                               ($7,570) ($11,223) ($18,092) ($19,464)  ($104,938)  ($13,120)  ($8,036) ($11,454)
                                      =======================================  =========================================
Net loss per
 share - basic and diluted              ($0.30)   ($0.45)   ($0.74)   ($0.81)     ($4.42)    ($0.56)   ($0.34)   ($0.47)
                                      =======================================  =========================================
Weighted average common
 shares outstanding - basic
 and diluted                            25,018    24,794    24,578    24,065      23,731     23,614    23,946    24,391
                                      =======================================  =========================================

High common stock price                $21.000   $15.438   $20.563   $24.500     $15.438    $18.938   $22.000   $34.250
Low common stock price                 $13.359   $10.063    $9.375   $11.438     $10.000    $12.000   $12.500   $17.000
</TABLE>

The Company's  quarterly  operating results fluctuate as a result of a number of
factors including,  without limitation, the timing of new product introductions,
marketing  expenditures,  promotional programs,  and periodic discounting due to
competitive factors. The Company's operating results may fluctuate in the future
as a result of these and other  factors,  including  the  Company's  success  in
developing and introducing  new products,  its products and customer mix and the
level  of  competition  which  it  experiences.  The  Company  operates  with  a
relatively  small  backlog.  Quarterly  sales and  operating  results  therefore
generally depend on the volume and timing of orders received during the quarter.
The  Company's  expense  levels  are  based in part on its  forecasts  of future
revenues.  If revenues are below  expectations,  the Company's operating results

                                       53
<PAGE>

may be  adversely  affected.  Accordingly,  there can be no  assurance  that the
Company will be profitable in any particular quarter.

                                       54
<PAGE>

ITEM  9.  CHANGES  IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
          FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None


                                       55
<PAGE>

                                     PART III


ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The  response to this item is  contained  in part under the  caption  "EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY" in Part I hereof, and the remainder is contained in the
Company's  Proxy  Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on
June 6, 2001 (the  "2001  Proxy  Statement")  under the  captions  "Election  of
Directors" and "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting  Compliance" and is
incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The  response to this item is contained in the  Company's  2001 Proxy  Statement
under the  captions  "Election  of  Directors  -  Directors'  Compensation"  and
"Executive Compensation" and is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The  response to this item is contained in the  Company's  2001 Proxy  Statement
under  the  caption  "Security   Ownership  of  Certain  Beneficial  Owners  and
Management" and is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

Not applicable.

                                      PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a) 1.      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The   following  consolidated  financial  statements  are  included in Item 8:

 -  Report of Independent  Accountants
 -  Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2000,
    1999, and 1998
 -  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets  as of  December  31,  2000  and  1999
 -  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended
    December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998
 -  Consolidated  Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
    2000, 1999 and 1998
 -  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(a) 2.      FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

The  following  consolidated  financial  statement  schedule is included in Item
14(d):

         Schedule II - Supplemental Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

Schedules  other than that listed  above have been  omitted  since the  required
information  is not  present,  or not present in amounts  sufficient  to require
submission of the schedule,  or because the information  required is included in
the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto.

                                       56
<PAGE>

(a) 3.      LISTING OF EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT NO.                               DESCRIPTION


   2.1      Stock  and  Asset  Purchase  Agreement among Microsoft  Corporation,
            Softimage Inc. and Avid Technology,  Inc.  dated as of June 15, 1998
            together  with  all  material   exhibits  thereto  (incorporated  by
            reference to the Registrant's Quarterly  Report a Form 10-Q as filed
            with the Commission on August 12, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

   3.1      Certificate   of  Amendment  of  the  Third   Amended  and  Restated
            Certificate  of  Incorporation  of the Registrant  (incorporated  by
            reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed
            with the Commission on May 15, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

   3.2      Third  Amended and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of the
            Registrant   (incorporated   by   reference   to  the   Registrant's
            Registration  Statement on Form S-8 as filed with the  Commission on
            June 9, 1993, File No. 33-64126).

   3.3      Amended  and  Restated  By-Laws of the Registrant  (incorporated  by
            reference to the Registrant's Registration  Statement on Form S-1 as
            declared effective by the Commission  on March  11,  1993,  File No.
            33-57796).

   3.4      Certificate   of   Designations   establishing   Series   A   Junior
            Participating  Preferred Stock (the  "Certificate of  Designations")
            (incorporated  by reference to the  Registrant's  Current  Report on
            Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on March 8, 1996).

   3.5      Certificate  of  Correction  to  the   Certificate  of  Designations
            (incorporated  by reference to the  Registrant's  Current  Report on
            Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on March 8, 1996).

   4.1      Specimen  Certificate  representing  the  Registrant's  Common Stock
            (incorporated   by  reference  to  the   Registrant's   Registration
            Statement  on Form S-1 as declared  effective by the  Commission  on
            March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

   4.2      Rights  Agreement,  dated  as of  February  29,  1996,  between  the
            Registrant  and The First  National Bank of Boston,  as Rights Agent
            (incorporated  by reference to the  Registrant's  Current  Report on
            Form 8-K as filed with the  Commission  on March 8,  1996,  File No.
            0-21174).

   4.3      Common  Stock  Purchase Warrant dated August 3, 1998 by and  between
            Avid  Technology,  Inc.  and  Microsoft Corporation (incorporated by
            reference  to the Registrant's Quarterly Report a Form 10-Q as filed
            with the Commission on November 13, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

  10.1      Lease dated  September 29, 1995 between Allied Dunbar  Insurance PLC
            and  Avid  Technology  Limited  (incorporated  by  reference  to the
            Registrant's  Quarterly  Report  on Form  10-Q  as  filed  with  the
            Commission on November 14, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

  10.2      Lease dated  August 30, 1995 between Syntex (U.S.A.) Inc.  and  Avid
            Technology,  Inc. (incorporated  by  reference  to  the Registrant's
            Quarterly  Report on  Form  10-Q  as filed  with  the  Commission on
            November 14, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

  10.3      Lease  between MGI  Andover Street, Inc.  and Avid  Technology, Inc.
            dated March 21, 1995 (incorporated by reference  to the Registrant's
            Quarterly  Report on  Form  10-Q as filed with the Commission on May
            15, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

  10.4      Amended and Restated lease  dated as of June 7, 1996 between MGI One
            Park West, Inc. and Avid Technology, Inc. (incorporated by reference
            to the Registrant's Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the
            Commission on August 14, 1996, File No. 0-21174).

                                       57
<PAGE>

  10.15     Form  of  Distribution  Agreement  (incorporated by reference to the
            Registrant's  Registration  Statement  on  Form  S-1  as  declared
            effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

  10.16     Form of Purchase and License Agreement (incorporated by reference to
            the  Registrant's  Registration  Statement on  Form S-1 as declared
            effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

  10.17     Form of Software Only License Agreement(incorporated by reference to
            the Registrant's Registration Statement  on  Form  S-1  as  declared
            effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

 #10.18     1989 Stock Option Plan(incorporated by reference to the Registrant's
            Registration  Statement  on  Form  S-1 as  declared effective by the
            Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

 #10.19     1993  Stock   Incentive  Plan  (incorporated  by  reference  to  the
            Registrant's   Registration   Statement  on  Form  S-1  as  declared
            effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

 #10.20     1993  Director  Stock  Option  Plan,  as  amended  (incorporated  by
            reference to the  Registrant's  Proxy  Statement as filed  with  the
            Commission on April 27, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

 #10.21     1993 Executive Compensation Agreement  incorporated  by reference to
            the  Registrant's  Registration Statement on  Form  S-1 as declared
            effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

 #10.22     1993 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated  by reference to the
            Registrant's  Registration Statement  on Form  S-8 as filed with the
            Commission on June 9, 1993, File No. 33-64130).

 #10.23     1994 Stock Option Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to the
            Registrant's  Registration  Statement on Form  S-8 as filed with the
            Commission on October 27, 1995, File No. 33-98692).

 #10.24     Digidesign, Inc. 1991 Stock Option Plan(incorporated by reference to
            Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the
            Commission on May 15, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

 #10.25     1995 Executive Variable Compensation Program (incorporated by
            reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed
            with the Commission on May 15, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

 #10.26     1998 Executive and Senior Management Variable Compensation Plan
            (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
            10-K as filed with the Commission on March 27, 1998, File No.
            0-21174).

 #10.27     1997 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to the
            Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Commission
            on March 27, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

 #10.28     1996  Employee  Stock  Purchase  Plan, as amended  (incorporated  by
            reference to the  Registrant's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K as filed
            with the Commission on March 27, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

 #10.29     1998 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by
            reference to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 as
            filed with the Commission on December 18, 1997, File No. 33-42569).

 #10.30     1998 Profit Sharing Plan (incorporated by reference to the
            Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Commission
            on March 27, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

 #10.31     Employment  Agreement  between  the  Company  and  William J. Miller
            (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
            10-K as  filed  with the  Commission  on March  27,  1998,  File No.
            0-21174).

 #10.32     Change-in-Control  Agreement  between  the  Company  and  William J.
            Miller  (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report
            on Form 10-K as filed with the  Commission  on March 27, 1998,  File
            No. 0-21174).

                                       58
<PAGE>

 #10.33     Employment  Agreement  between the  Company and William L.  Flaherty
            (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
            10-K as  filed  with the  Commission  on March  27,  1998,  File No.
            0-21174).

 #10.34     Change-in-Control  Agreement  between  the  Company  and  William L.
            Flaherty  (incorporated  by  reference  to the  Registrant's  Annual
            Report on Form 10-K as filed with the  Commission on March 27, 1998,
            File No. 0-21174).

 #10.35     Employment   agreement   between  the  Company  and  Clifford  Jenks
            (incorporated by reference to the  Registrant's  Quarterly Report on
            Form 10-Q as filed with the  Commission  on November 14, 1996,  File
            No. 0-21174).

 #10.36     1999  Profit   Sharing   Plan   (incorporated  by  reference to  the
            Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Commission
            on March 30, 1999, File No. 0-21174).

 #10.37     1999  Executive and Senior  Management  Variable  Compensation  Plan
            (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
            10-K as  filed  with the  Commission  on March  30,  1999,  File No.
            0-21174).

  10.38     Registration  Rights  Agreement  dated August 3, 1998 by and between
            Avid  Technology,  Inc. and Microsoft  Corporation  (incorporated by
            reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed
            with the Commission on November 13, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

  10.39     Form  of  Electronic  Software  License  Agreement  (incorporated by
            reference  to the Registrant's  Annual Report on Form  10-K as filed
            with the Commission on March 30, 1999, File No. 0-21174).

 #10.40     Form of  Employment  Agreements  between  the  Company  and  certain
            Executive  Officers  (incorporated  by reference to the Registrant's
            Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on March 30,
            1999, File No. 0-21174).

 #10.41     Form of Change-in-Control  Agreement between the Company and certain
            Executive  Officers  (incorporated  by reference to the Registrant's
            Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on March 30,
            1999, File No. 0-21174).

 #10.42     Employment   Agreement   between  the  Company  and  Clifford  Jenks
            (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
            10-K as  filed  with the  Commission  on March  30,  1999,  File No.
            0-21174).

 #10.43     Change-in-Control  Agreement  between the Company and Clifford Jenks
            (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
            10-K as  filed  with the  Commission  on March  30,  1999,  File No.
            0-21174).

 #10.44     1999 Stock Option Plan(incorporated by reference to the Registrant's
            Registration  Statement on Form S-8 as filed  with the Commission on
            January 6, 2000, 1999, File No. 33-94167).

 *21        Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

 *23.1      Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.


------------------
*documents filed herewith
#Management contract or compensatory plan identified pursuant to Item 14 (a) 3.

                                       59
<PAGE>

(b)   REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

For the fiscal  quarter  ended  December 31, 2000,  the Company filed no Current
Reports on Form 8-K.


                                       60
<PAGE>

                                    SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.
(Registrant)

By: /s/ David Krall       By: /s/ Paul J. Milbury        By: /s/ Carol L. Reid
    ----------------      -------------------------      ----------------------
    David Krall           Paul J. Milbury                Carol L. Reid
    President and         Chief Financial Officer        Vice President and
    Chief Executive       (Principal Financial Officer)  Corporate Controller
    Officer                                              (Principal Accounting
    (Principal                                           Officer)
    Executive Officer)


Date: March 26, 2001      Date:  March 26, 2001          Date:  March 26, 2001


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following  persons on behalf of the  registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


      NAME                           TITLE                           DATE
      ----                           -----                           ----

 /s/ Charles T. Brumback           Director                    March  23, 2001
 -------------------------
 Charles T. Brumback

 /s/ Peter C. Gotcher              Director                    March  23, 2001
 -------------------------
 Peter C. Gotcher

 /s/ Robert M. Halperin            Director                    March  23, 2001
 -------------------------
 Robert M. Halperin

 /s/ Nancy Hawthorne               Director                    March  26, 2001
 -------------------------
 Nancy Hawthorne

 /s/ Roger J. Heinen, Jr.          Director                    March  23, 2001
 -------------------------
 Roger J. Heinen, Jr.

 /s/ William J. Warner             Director                    March  26, 2001
 -------------------------
 William J. Warner


                                       61
<PAGE>




                               AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.

                            ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                           YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                                    ITEM 14(d)

                           FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE





                                       62
<PAGE>



                               AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.

           SCHEDULE II - SUPPLEMENTAL VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                   Years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998

                                  (in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                     Additions
                                                            ---------------------------
      Description                             Balance at     Charged to     Charged to                    Balance at
                                             beginning of     costs and       other                         end of
                                                period        expenses       accounts      Deductions       period
-------------------------                    ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                              <C>            <C>            <C>         <C>             <C>
Allowance for doubtful accounts

       December 31, 2000                          $7,397         $4,350                    ($1,941) (a)      $9,806

       December 31, 1999                           5,868          3,230         1,220       (2,921) (a)       7,397

       December 31, 1998                           7,098          2,104          (117)      (3,217) (a)       5,868


Sales returns and allowances

       December 31, 2000                          $1,557                       $6,465 (b)  ($6,444) (c)      $1,578

       December 31, 1999                           1,303                        2,414 (b)   (2,160) (c)       1,557

       December 31, 1998                             430                        2,433 (b)   (1,560) (c)       1,303



Allowance for transactions with recourse

       December 31, 2000                          $3,923         $1,744        $2,079 (b)  ($2,720) (c)      $5,026

       December 31, 1999                           3,449            747         1,368 (b)   (1,641) (c)       3,923

       December 31, 1998                           2,237          1,440           322 (b)     (550) (c)       3,449



Deferred tax asset valuation allowance

       December 31, 2000                         $90,637        $24,177        $1,148                      $115,962

       December 31, 1999                                         90,244           393                        90,637

<FN>

(a) Amount represents write-offs, net of recoveries.
(b) Provisions for sales returns, volume rebates, and a portion of the provision
    for transactions with recourse are charged directly against revenue.
(c) Amount represents volume rebates, promotions and credits for warranty.
</FN>
</TABLE>


                                       F-1
<PAGE>

                                Index to Exhibits




Exhibit No.                          Description
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  2.1       Stock and Asset Purchase  Agreement  among  Microsoft   Corporation,
            Softimage Inc. and Avid  Technology, Inc.  dated as of June 15, 1998
            together with  all  material   exhibits  thereto   (incorporated  by
            reference to the Registrant's Quarterly  Report a Form 10-Q as filed
            with the Commission on August 12, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

  3.1       Certificate   of  Amendment  of  the  Third   Amended  and  Restated
            Certificate  of  Incorporation  of the Registrant  (incorporated  by
            reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed
            with the Commission on May 15, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

  3.2       Third  Amended and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of the
            Registrant   (incorporated   by   reference   to  the   Registrant's
            Registration  Statement on Form S-8 as filed with the  Commission on
            June 9, 1993, File No. 33-64126).

  3.3       Amended  and Restated  By-Laws of the  Registrant  (incorporated by
            reference to the Registrant's Registration  Statement on Form S-1 as
            declared effective by the Commission  on March  11,  1993,  File No.
            33-57796).

  3.4       Certificate   of   Designations   establishing   Series   A   Junior
            Participating  Preferred Stock (the  "Certificate of  Designations")
            (incorporated  by reference to the  Registrant's  Current  Report on
            Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on March 8, 1996).

  3.5       Certificate  of  Correction  to  the   Certificate  of  Designations
            (incorporated  by reference to the  Registrant's  Current  Report on
            Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on March 8, 1996).

  4.1       Specimen  Certificate  representing  the  Registrant's  Common Stock
            (incorporated   by  reference  to  the   Registrant's   Registration
            Statement  on Form S-1 as declared  effective by the  Commission  on
            March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

  4.3       Rights  Agreement,  dated  as of  February  29,  1996,  between  the
            Registrant  and The First  National Bank of Boston,  as Rights Agent
            (incorporated  by reference to the  Registrant's  Current  Report on
            Form 8-K as filed with the  Commission  on March 8,  1996,  File No.
            0-21174).

  4.3       Common  Stock  Purchase Warrant dated August 3, 1998 by and  between
            Avid  Technology,  Inc. and  Microsoft  Corporation (incorporated by
            reference to the Registrant's Quarterly  Report a Form 10-Q as filed
            with the Commission on November 13, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

 10.1       Lease dated  September 29, 1995 between Allied Dunbar  Insurance PLC
            and  Avid  Technology  Limited  (incorporated  by  reference  to the
            Registrant's  Quarterly  Report  on Form  10-Q  as  filed  with  the
            Commission on November 14, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

 10.2       Lease dated  August 30, 1995  between  Syntex (U.S.A.) Inc. and Avid
            Technology,   Inc. (incorporated by reference  to  the  Registrant's
            Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  as  filed  with the Commission on
            November 14, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

 10.3       Lease  between MGI  Andover  Street,  Inc. and Avid Technology, Inc.
            dated March 21, 1995  (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's
            Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on May
            15, 1995, File No. 0-21174).
<PAGE>

 10.4       Amended and Restated lease dated as of June 7, 1996  between MGI One
            Park West, Inc. and Avid Technology, Inc. (incorporated by reference
            to the  Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the
            Commission on August 14, 1996, File No. 0-21174).

 10.15      Form  of  Distribution  Agreement  (incorporated by reference to the
            Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 as declared
            effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

 10.16      Form of Purchase and License Agreement (incorporated by reference to
            the  Registrant's  Registration  Statement on Form  S-1 as declared
            effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

 10.17      Form of Software Only License Agreement(incorporated by reference to
            the  Registrant's  Registration  Statement on Form S-1  as  declared
            effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

#10.18      1989 Stock Option Plan(incorporated by reference to the Registrant's
            Registration  Statement on  Form  S-1 as  declared  effective by the
            Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

#10.19      1993  Stock   Incentive   Plan   (incorporated  by  reference to the
            Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 as declared
            effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

#10.20      1993  Director  Stock Option  Plan,  as  amended   (incorporated  by
            reference  to the  Registrant's  Proxy  Statement as  filed with the
            Commission on April 27, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

#10.21      1993 Executive Compensation Agreement (incorporated  by reference to
            the  Registrant's  Registration  Statement on  Form  S-1 as declared
            effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

#10.22      1993 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated  by reference to the
            Registrant's Registration Statement on Form  S-8 as  filed  with the
            Commission on June 9, 1993, File No. 33-64130).

#10.23      1994 Stock Option Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to the
            Registrant's Registration Statement on Form  S-8 as  filed  with the
            Commission on October 27, 1995, File No. 33-98692).

#10.24      Digidesign, Inc. 1991 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference
            to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the
            Commission on May 15, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

#10.25      1995 Executive Variable Compensation Program (incorporated by
            reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed
            with the Commission on May 15, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

#10.26      1998  Executive and Senior  Management  Variable  Compensation  Plan
            (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
            10-K as  filed  with the  Commission  on March  27,  1998,  File No.
            0-21174).

#10.27      1997 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to the
            Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Commission


#10.28      1996  Employee  Stock  Purchase  Plan, as amended  (incorporated  by
            reference to the  Registrant's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K as filed
            with the Commission on March 27, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

#10.29      1998 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by
            reference to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 as
            filed with the Commission on December 18, 1997, File No. 33-42569).

#10.30      1998 Profit Sharing Plan (incorporated by reference to the
            Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Commission
            on March 27, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

#10.31      Employment  Agreement  between  the  Company  and  William J. Miller
            (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
            10-K as  filed  with the  Commission  on March  27,  1998,  File No.
            0-21174).
<PAGE>

#10.32      Change-in-Control  Agreement  between  the  Company  and  William J.
            Miller  (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report
            on Form 10-K as filed with the  Commission  on March 27, 1998,  File
            No. 0-21174).

#10.33      Employment  Agreement  between the  Company and William L.  Flaherty
            (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
            10-K as  filed  with the  Commission  on March  27,  1998,  File No.
            0-21174).

#10.34      Change-in-Control  Agreement  between  the  Company  and  William L.
            Flaherty  (incorporated  by  reference  to the  Registrant's  Annual
            Report on Form 10-K as filed with the  Commission on March 27, 1998,
            File No. 0-21174).

#10.35      Employment   agreement   between  the  Company  and  Clifford  Jenks
            (incorporated by reference to the  Registrant's  Quarterly Report on
            Form 10-Q as filed with the  Commission  on November 14, 1996,  File
            No. 0-21174).

#10.36      1999 Profit Sharing Plan (incorporated by reference to the
            Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Commission
            on March 30, 1999, File No. 0-21174).

#10.37      1999  Executive and Senior  Management  Variable  Compensation  Plan
            (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
            10-K as  filed  with the  Commission  on March  30,  1999,  File No.
            0-21174).

 10.38      Registration  Rights  Agreement  dated August 3, 1998 by and between
            Avid  Technology,  Inc. and Microsoft  Corporation  (incorporated by
            reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed
            with the Commission on November 13, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

 10.39      Form  of  Electronic  Software  License Agreement  (incorporated  by
            reference  to the  Registrant's  Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed
            with the Commission on March 30, 1999, File No. 0-21174).

#10.40      Form of  Employment  Agreements  between  the  Company  and  certain
            Executive  Officers  (incorporated  by reference to the Registrant's
            Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on March 30,
            1999, File No. 0-21174).

#10.41      Form of Change-in-Control  Agreement between the Company and certain
            Executive  Officers  (incorporated  by reference to the Registrant's
            Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on March 30,
            1999, File No. 0-21174).

#10.42      Employment   Agreement   between  the  Company  and  Clifford  Jenks
            (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
            10-K as  filed  with the  Commission  on March  30,  1999,  File No.
            0-21174).

#10.43      Change-in-Control  Agreement  between the Company and Clifford Jenks
            (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
            10-K as  filed  with the  Commission  on March  30,  1999,  File No.
            0-21174).

#10.44      1999 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to the
            Registrant's Registration  Statement on Form S-8 as filed  with the
            Commission on January 6, 2000, 1999, File No. 33-94167).

*21         Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

*23.1       Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

------------------
*documents filed herewith
#Management contract or compensatory plan identified pursuant to Item 14 (a) 3.
<PAGE>


             SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2000
             ------------------------------------------------------


                   AVID INTERNET MEDIA GROUP, INC. (Delaware)

                   AVID TECHNOLOGY WORLDWIDE, INC. (Delaware)

             AVID TECHNOLOGY SECURITIES CORPORATION (Massachusetts)

                     AVID TECHNOLOGY FSC LIMITED (Barbados)

                    AVID TECHNOLOGY EUROPE LIMITED (England)

                      AVID TECHNOLOGY IBERIA LTD (England)

                        AVID TECHNOLOGY S.A.R.L. (France)

                       AVID TECHNOLOGY G.m.b.H. (Germany)

                     AVID TECHNOLOGY SALES LIMITED (Ireland)

                         DIGIDESIGN ITALY S.R.L. (Italy)

                   AVID TECHNOLOGY HOLDING B.V. (Netherlands)

                AVID TECHNOLOGY INTERNATIONAL B.V. (Netherlands)

                             AVID JAPAN K.K. (Japan)

                 AVID TECHNOLOGY (S.E. ASIA) PTE LTD (Singapore)

                 AVID TECHNOLOGY (AUSTRALIA) PTY LTD (Australia)

                       AVID NORTH ASIA LIMITED (Hong Kong)

                             SOFTIMAGE CO. (Canada)

<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 23.1

                       Consent of Independent Accountants

We  hereby  consent  to the  incorporation  by  reference  in  the  Registration
Statements on Form S-3 and Form S-8 of Avid Technology, Inc. of our report dated
January 31, 2001 relating to the financial  statements  and financial  statement
schedule, which appears in this Form 10-K.


/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP



Boston, Massachusetts
March 23, 2001









</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
