<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form10k_123101.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AVID'S 2001 10K
<TEXT>


                              AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.
                              Avid Technology Park
                                  One Park West
                               Tewksbury, MA 01876




                                        March 29, 2002





Securities and Exchange Commission
450 Fifth Street, N.W.
Judiciary Plaza
Washington, DC 20549


                     Re:  Avid Technology, Inc.
                          File No. 0-21174
                          Annual Report on Form 10-K
                          --------------------------

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     Pursuant  to  regulations  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange   Commission,
submitted  herewith  for  filing  on  behalf  of Avid  Technology,  Inc.  is the
Company's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended  December  31,
2001.

     This filing is being effected by direct  transmission  to the  Commission's
EDGAR System.

                                        Very truly yours,


                                        /s/ Carol E. Kazmer


                                        Carol E. Kazmer
                                        General Counsel


<PAGE>


                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                    FORM 10-K

(Mark One)
    [X]            ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
              OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED]

                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001

                                       OR

    [  ]       TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
            OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED]

            For the Transition period from            to
                                          ----------    ----------
                         Commission File Number 0-21174

                              AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.

             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

            Delaware                                         04-2977748
  (State or other jurisdiction of                            (I.R.S. Employer
  incorporation or organization)                             Identification No.)

Avid Technology Park, One Park West, Tewksbury, MA           01876
   (Address of principal executive offices)                  (Zip Code)
                                 (978) 640-6789
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

           Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of The Act:

                                      None
           Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of The Act:

                           Common Stock $.01 Par Value
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required
to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. YES v NO

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

The  aggregate  market value of the voting stock held by  non-affiliates  of the
registrant  was  approximately  $356,304,319  based on the closing  price of the
Common Stock on the NASDAQ National Market on March 14, 2002.

The number of shares  outstanding of the  registrant's  Common Stock as of March
14, 2002, was 26,096,982.

                       Documents Incorporated by Reference

            Document Description                                    10-K Part
            --------------------                                    ---------
Portions of the Registrant's Proxy Statement for the Annual
 Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 22, 2002...................    III

<PAGE>

     This  Annual  Report on Form  10-K  contains  a number  of  forward-looking
statements.  Any  statements  contained  herein  (including  without  limitation
statements  to the effect  that Avid or its  management  "believes",  "expects",
"anticipates",  "plans"  and similar  expressions)  that are not  statements  of
historical  fact should be considered  forward-looking  statements.  There are a
number of important  factors that could cause  Avid's  actual  results to differ
materially  from  those  indicated  by such  forward-looking  statements.  These
factors include,  without  limitation,  those set forth in "Certain Factors That
May Affect Future Results."

                                     PART I
ITEM 1.     BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

     The Company develops, markets, sells and supports a wide range of software,
and hardware and software systems, for digital media production,  management and
distribution.  Digital  media  are  media  elements,  whether  video,  audio  or
graphics, in which the image, sound or picture is recorded and stored as digital
values,  as opposed to analog, or tape-based,  signals.  Our product and service
offerings enable customers to "Make, Manage and Move Media."

     Make Media.  To make media,  we offer  digital,  non-linear  video and film
editing  systems to enable  customers  to edit  moving  pictures  and sound in a
faster,  easier, more creative,  and more  cost-effective  manner than by use of
traditional  analog  tape-based  systems.  (Non-linear  systems allow editors to
access material as needed rather than requiring them to work  sequentially.)  To
complement  these  non-linear  editing  systems,  we develop and sell a range of
image   manipulation   products   that  allow   users  in  the  video  and  film
post-production and broadcast markets to create graphics and special effects for
use in feature films,  television shows and advertising,  and news programs. The
products  include 3D and special  effects  software  products  developed  by our
Softimage subsidiary. We also offer digital audio systems through our Digidesign
division.   Digidesign's   audio  systems  have  applications  in  music,  film,
television,  video,  broadcast,  streaming  media,  and web  development.  These
systems are based upon proprietary Digidesign/Avid audio hardware, software, and
control surfaces,  and permit users to record,  edit, mix,  process,  and master
audio in an integrated manner.

     Manage Media. We provide complete network,  storage, and database solutions
based on our Avid Unity MediaNet  technology.  This technology  enables users to
share and manage media assets throughout a project or organization.  The ability
to effectively  manage digital media assets is a critical  component for success
for  many  broadcast  and  media  companies  with  multiple  product  lines  and
geographic  locations.  Accordingly,  we  have  designed  our  products  to work
together in the network,  storage,  and database  environment,  allowing for the
sharing of data and increasing the effectiveness of our customers' workflow. Our
key  technologies  help our  customers to reduce costs and increase the value of
their media  assets by letting them easily and quickly  "repurpose"  or find new
uses or markets for their assets.

     Move Media.  We offer  products that allow  customers to  distribute  their
final  product.  We believe that the Internet will  gradually  become a critical
content distribution channel. We have developed and sell Internet infrastructure
products to support the broadcast of streaming  Internet video,  and continue to
integrate  new  capabilities  into our core  products  designed for the Internet
environment, enabling Internet publishing and Internet video and audio streaming
capabilities.  In addition,  we provide  technology for playback directly to air
for broadcast television applications.

     Our  products  are  used  worldwide  in  production   and   post-production
facilities, film studios, network,  affiliate,  independent and cable television
stations,  recording studios,  advertising agencies,  government and educational
institutions,  corporate communication  departments,  and by game developers and
Internet professionals.  Projects produced using our products--from major motion
pictures  and  prime-time  television  to music,  video,  and marquee  recording
artists--have been honored with Oscar(R), Emmy(R), and Grammy(R) awards, as well
as a host of other international  awards.  (Oscar is a registered  trademark and
service  mark of the  Academy of Motion  Picture  Arts and  Sciences.  Emmy is a
registered  trademark of  ATAS/NATAS.  Grammy is a  registered  trademark of The
National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences, Inc.)

DIGITAL MEDIA CONTENT MARKETS

     Digital formats and tools have largely  displaced  analog processes in many
markets, such as word processing,  electronic spreadsheets,  desktop publishing,
graphics,  and  electronic and mechanical  design.  Because of more  challenging
technical and cost hurdles in handling  digital forms of film,  video, and audio
signals, markets that rely on these media types have begun to migrate to digital
formats and tools only in recent years.  As technical  advances in digital media
content-creation tools have made this migration possible, users have become able
to create more complex content that can incorporate  several elements of digital
media. For example,  many video games now include live-action video, detailed 3D
graphics, and high quality audio, all created,  manipulated,  and played back in
digital form.  Feature films,  such as "Lord of the Rings," "Pearl  Harbor," and
"AI  (Artificial  Intelligence),"  integrate  sophisticated   computer-generated
special effects into traditional live action shots.

                                       2
<PAGE>

     We  currently  participate  in two  principal  markets  transitioning  from
well-established analog content-creation  processes to digital  content-creation
tools.  Both  of  these  markets,   video  and  film  editing  and  effects  and
professional  audio,  are  beginning  to use the  Internet  to  collaborate  and
distribute video and audio content.

     Our video and film  editing and  effects  market  consists of  professional
users,  over-the-air and cable broadcast companies,  and corporate,  government,
and educational  users.  Professional  users include  independent  production or
post-production  companies that produce video and film material, such as feature
films,  commercials,   entertainment  and  documentary  programming,  industrial
videos,  and music  videos;  professional  character  animators  and video  game
developers;   and  television  facilities,   film  studios,  and  certain  large
corporations that perform digital media production and post-production in-house.
A wide variety of companies  originate news programming,  including national and
international  broadcasters,  such as the British Broadcasting Corporation,  the
Cable  News  Network,  the  American  Broadcasting  Company,  and  the  National
Broadcasting   Company,  as  well  as  network  affiliates,   local  independent
television  stations,  web news providers and local and regional cable operators
which  produce  news  programming.  Users  in  corporations  and  various  other
institutional  settings  use  digital  media  tools  to  create  and  distribute
information enriched by the addition of digital media content to their customers
and employees.

     Our professional audio market is comprised of  professional  music studios,
project studios, film and television  production and post-production  facilities
television  and radio  broadcasters,  DVD, web and other "new media"  production
studios,   corporate,   government,  and  educational  facilities,  as  well  as
home-hobbyists  and enthusiasts.  These companies range in size from individuals
to large  multi-national  corporations.  Our  products  are  employed  in a wide
variety of applications,  including recording,  editing, mixing,  processing and
mastering of audio.

ACQUISITIONS IN THE DIGITAL BROADCAST MARKET

     In January 2001, we acquired the remaining 50% ownership interest in AvStar
Systems  LLC  ("AvStar").  AvStar  was a joint  venture  that we had  originally
established on a 50-50 basis with Tektronix,  Inc. (which  subsequently sold its
interest to The Grass Valley Group,  Inc., now a unit of Thomson  Multimedia) to
focus on developing the next generation of newsroom computer systems products by
combining  both  companies'  newsroom  computer  systems  technology and certain
personnel.  Since September 2000,  AvStar has been doing business as iNews, LLC.
iNews  products  include  the iNEWS  Newsroom  Computer  System  (NRCS) for news
journalist  story  creation  and  production  and Media Browse  software,  which
simplifies  news production by giving  journalists  enhanced  functionality  and
features.   These  products  provide  broadcast  news  software   solutions  for
television,  radio, and the Internet. In 2001, Avid worked to integrate products
from iNews and from Pluto Technologies  International Inc.  ("Pluto"),  which we
acquired  in 2000,  into a more  comprehensive  product  line  offering  for the
broadcast news markets.

STRATEGY

     Our mission is to serve the  industries  that Make,  Manage and Move Media.
Our strategy consists of four key elements:

Maintain a Leading Position in Existing Markets

     We  continue  to focus on markets  where  digital  media  content  creation
already  takes place,  and we believe we enjoy a leadership  position in each of
these primary  markets.  These include  professional  video and film editing and
effects,  including film and television  studios and independent  production and
post-production  firms,  and  music  and audio  production  and  post-production
markets.  We plan to  strengthen  these  positions  by  enhancing  our  existing
products;  by introducing  new products that satisfy a broader range of customer
needs in these markets,  through internal  development,  joint  development with
third parties or through  acquisitions;  and by continuing to provide  excellent
customer service, support and training.

                                       3
<PAGE>

Extend Technology to Analog-Based Market Sectors

     We  believe  that  we  have  established  unit  and  revenue  market  share
leadership positions in the professional video and film digital editing markets,
the digital audio market, and the markets for broadcast digital news editing. To
strengthen these positions and further increase our overall market share, we are
specifically  targeting  market sectors that are currently  analog-based.  As an
example,  we believe that  expansion  opportunity  exists in television  on-line
editing,  which is the final piece of the post-production  process that today is
still  mainly  tape-based.  We  believe  that  because  digital  solutions  more
efficiently and cost-effectively  address the needs of this editing process than
their  analog  counterparts,  tape will  ultimately  be replaced  by  file-based
digital  media.  Market  sectors that are primarily  analog-based,  and which we
intend to pursue,  include  broadcast news,  corporate and industrial video, and
audio mixing, mastering and tracking.

Promote  Interoperability  of Avid  Products  and  Develop  Open and  Integrated
Workflow Solutions

     Avid   continues  to  invest   significant   resources  in  enhancing   the
interoperation  of our broad suite of products that Make, Manage and Move Media.
To satisfy the demands of the  post-production  and broadcast  markets,  Avid is
focused on delivering  integrated solutions to the market,  rather than isolated
tools. With Avid Unity-based  collaborative workgroups, we are working to enable
all Avid products to connect to one another,  sharing  common  production  media
assets and metadata in a seamless  workflow that encompasses all the disciplines
in content creation - acquisition, editing, image manipulation, graphics, audio,
mastering,  encoding  and  distribution.  An Avid Unity for News  solution,  for
example,  can  facilitate  all the tasks  required  to create  news  stories for
broadcast by leveraging the aggregate  power of all of Avid's tools.  The entire
process,  including  capturing  news  "feeds,"  managing  scripts and  announcer
recordings,  editing  and  manipulating  video,  audio  and  graphics  elements,
delivering  the  finished  product  to a video  server for  playback,  automated
repurposing  of the story for web  distribution,  and streaming  the  repurposed
content to the  consumer,  can be  accomplished  seamlessly  by an array of Avid
products working together in an Avid Unity workgroup.

     Beyond  simply  enabling  Avid  products to work well with one another as a
solution, we design all our products so that they are based on and can work with
major industry-wide standards,  including computer platforms, operating systems,
networking protocols,  data compression,  and digital media handling formats. We
have been a leader in defining and developing the Advanced  Authoring Format, or
AAF, a multimedia file format that enables  content  creators to easily exchange
digital media and information about the media, or metadata, across platforms and
between systems and applications. AAF saves time, simplifies project management,
and preserves valuable metadata that can be lost when transferring media between
applications.

     In order to address the needs for collaboration and efficient workflow in a
wide-area network (or WAN) environment,  Avid offers Avid Unity  TransferManager
and Avid NetReview products.  TransferManager  enables geographically  dispersed
content  creators to collaborate  easily by facilitating the exchange of digital
media.  TransferManager  streamlines  and  automates  the  task of  transferring
production  assets between editing  systems,  between  collaborative  Avid Unity
workgroups, or between an individual editing system and an Avid Unity workgroup.
The NetReview  application is a  browser-based  application  for  frame-accurate
review and approval of video and audio content which can be integrated  directly
into the  editing  process.  NetReview  revolutionizes  the  process  of content
creation by integrating the feedback of content stakeholders regardless of their
physical  location.  NetReview  obviates the need to send a video tape copy of a
program to each reviewer by enabling an electronic,  file-based workflow that is
low-cost, almost instantaneous, and more reliable.

Play a Major Role in Internet Publishing and Distribution

     We believe  that the  Internet  will  gradually  become a critical  content
distribution channel for all types of media. For this reason, every Avid editing
product can output web-ready files for  distribution.  For enhanced  workflow we
offer ProEncode,  a dedicated  encoding server for Avid Unity-based  workgroups.
ProEncode  automates  the process of  translating  broadcast-quality  production
assets  into  web-ready  streaming  media  files.  To deliver web content to the
consumer, Avid offers the Trilligent line of turn-key streaming media solutions.
The  Trilligent   architecture   offers   industry-leading   price  performance,
delivering many simultaneous  high-quality video and audio streams at a low cost
to the user.  Trilligent scales from very small corporate deployments - where it
can act as a video "library" for applications such as distance learning - to the
very largest media streaming enterprise.


PRODUCTS

     The following  section lists our products within the two principal  markets
in which they are sold. A description  follows of the major products and product
families in each of these categories.

                                       4
<PAGE>

Video and Film Editing and Effects Products

Media Composer for Macintosh and Windows NT Platforms

     Our Media Composer product is a computer-based digital,  non-linear editing
system designed  primarily for use by professional  film and video editors.  The
Media Composer  system  converts visual and audio source material from tape to a
digital format and stores the converted material on a range of hard disk storage
devices. Once digitized,  the stored media can be previewed,  edited, and played
back.  The Media  Composer  family of  products  is used to create  high-quality
productions  such as television  shows and  commercials,  feature  films,  music
videos,  corporate videos,  and other  non-broadcast  finished videos. The Media
Composer product line includes three models, the Media Composer  Off-line,  1000
and 9000,  which provide  various  levels of capability and  functionality.  The
Media Composer product is our original product offering and still accounts for a
significant portion of our revenues.  We believe that the Media Composer product
line holds a greater unit market share than any other digital non-linear editing
system in professional video editing markets.

Avid Symphony

     The Avid  Symphony  product  line  offers  on-line  editing  and  finishing
capabilities  targeted at high-end  post-production such as primetime television
programs and  nationally  broadcast  commercials.  The Avid  Symphony  system is
designed to finish high-end editorial  projects,  which are "off-lined",  or put
into a narrative story format, on Media Composer and traditionally finished in a
linear suite.  The Avid Symphony system uses the Windows NT operating system and
delivers all of the proven Media Composer editing  functionality plus higher-end
finishing  tools  such  as  advanced  scene-to-scene  color  correction  and 24P
Universal Mastering.

Film Composer for Macintosh and Windows NT Platforms

     The Film Composer product is a 24 frames-per-second, or fps, editing system
for projects that originate and finish on film. Film footage can be converted to
video signals for editing,  but because video runs at different  speeds - 30 fps
in the United  States,  and 25 fps in other  countries - a standard 30 or 25 fps
video editing  system does not yield an accurate 24 fps film cut list from which
to edit a final master of the film. The Film Composer system  includes  software
that  determines  which frames on the  videotape are actual frames from the film
source material and allows the creation of a  frame-accurate  cut list. The Film
Composer  software also includes  special features to meet the specific needs of
film editors.  We believe the Film  Composer  system holds a greater unit market
share than any other digital  non-linear  editing  system in  professional  film
editing markets.

Avid|DS

     The Avid|DS product is a comprehensive,  non-linear  production  system for
creating,  editing,  and finishing  effects-intensive  short  projects,  such as
commercials  and music  videos.  It  combines  a rich set of tools for video and
audio editing,  compositing,  effects generation,  image treatment,  and project
management,  all  integrated  within a  unified  architecture  and  common  user
interface,  running on the Windows NT platform.  With Avid|DS,  digital  artists
have  access  to a  comprehensive  toolset  with the  capability  of  processing
uncompressed video, combined with a choice of third-party hardware platforms. We
released an HD version of the Avid|DS system in early 2001.

Avid Xpress for Macintosh and Windows Platforms

     The Avid  Xpress  product is a digital,  non-linear  video  editing  system
designed  to meet the  needs of media  professionals  and  video/film  educators
involved  with video and  multimedia  production  for a variety of  distribution
mediums including videotape, CD-ROM and the Internet. Avid Xpress software has a
streamlined user interface and editing model targeted for this category of user.
As a less  expensive  product  than the Media  Composer,  Symphony,  and Avid|DS
systems, the Avid Xpress system targets a broader potential customer base.

Avid Xpress DV for Windows Platforms

     The Avid Xpress DV product is a digital,  non-linear  video editing  system
designed to offer the professional  quality and sophistication of an Avid system
at a lower  cost.  The Avid  Xpress DV system is  designed  to meet the needs of
media  professionals,   Internet  video  developers,  and  video/film  educators
involved  with video and  multimedia  production  for a variety of  distribution
mediums including  videotape,  CD-ROM and the Internet.  Avid Xpress DV software
has a  streamlined  user  interface  and  editing  model,  and is  targeted  for


                                       5
<PAGE>

DV-format based production  environments  where cost is a major factor. In 2001,
our Avid Xpress DV v2.0 product was  introduced,  which enables users to run the
software on a wide range of commodity PC desktop and laptop computers.  The Avid
Xpress DV system  delivers the  industry  leading  Avid-editing  interface at an
affordable  low price entry point in a portable form  convenient  for editing in
the field or on  location.  In 2002,  we plan to release our Avid Xpress DV v3.0
product for both Macintosh- and Windows- based platforms.

NewsCutter Effects

     Our NewsCutter  Effects  product is a  computer-based  digital,  non-linear
video editing system designed to meet the demands of television news production.
The  NewsCutter  Effects  system  supports the popular DVCPro 25 and 50 megabyte
media  compression  formats and the emerging  D10/IMX format,  and is built on a
Windows NT-based computer  platform.  NewsCutter  Effects enables broadcast news
editors to edit news and news  features  in an  environment  with  time-critical
demands.  Based on the same core  technology as the Media Composer  system,  the
NewsCutter  Effects  system  offers a range of  editing  and  effects  features.
NewsCutter  Effects can  operate as a  stand-alone  editing  system or in a news
production workgroup with a playback system.

NewsCutter XP

     Our NewsCutter XP product significantly expands the reach of the NewsCutter
product line, delivering a powerful editing suite into the hands of a journalist
in the field  using a laptop  and a  portable  camera.  The  Desktop  version of
NewsCutter XP offers a lower cost  alternative to NewsCutter  Effects,  with all
the news-specific  innovation of the NewsCutter line,  excluding  hardware based
acceleration.

Avid AirSPACE, VideoSPACE and HyperSPACE

     Originally  developed by Pluto,  the AirSPACE,  VideoSPACE  and  HyperSPACE
products,  together  with  other  Avid  products,  provide  us  with  end-to-end
broadcast solutions from ingest to editing, storage and playback. These products
have  been  among  the  industry's  leaders  in  HDTV  and  SDTV  broadcast  and
post-production  server  solutions.   When  combined  with  NewsCutter  Effects,
NewsCutter XP and the Avid Unity for News systems,  the AirSPACE product line is
a preferred server for news applications.

Avid iNews Products

     The Avid iNews  product  is a newsroom  production  and  automation  system
designed to facilitate  and integrate  the  processes of news  gathering,  story
creation,  script editing,  and newscast  planning and creation.  The Avid iNews
system  features a simplified user interface for novice users and the ability to
export to the Internet and directly  access  Internet news files using  standard
web browsers.  The Avid iNews system is easily scalable from 10 to 10,000 users,
and its WAN  capabilities  allow  stories to be  automatically  routed  from one
station in a group to another.

     The Avid Media Browse desktop tool  streamlines  news  production by giving
producers,  journalists,  and writers  simultaneous access to view video assets,
select clips, and perform simple edits at their workstations. With the AvidMedia
Browse  product,  media is  available  to  multiple  users even while  feeds are
recording.  Edit  decisions  can be  automatically  transferred  to a NewsCutter
system.  Additionally,  the Media Browse tool is integrated  with the Avid Unity
MediaNet for News environment.

SOFTIMAGE|XSI

     Our  SOFTIMAGE|XSI  product,   which  is  our  next-generation   non-linear
animation  (NLA)  system,  builds on the  success  of our  earlier  SOFTIMAGE|3D
product.  This  versatile  toolset is designed for digital  artists in the film,
commercial/broadcast  and games and interactive  industries.  With its modeling,
animation  and  rendering  toolsets,   the  SOFTIMAGE|XSI  v2.0  system  lays  a
foundation  that  allows the modern  digital  artist to  innovate,  create,  and
collaborate  in new ways  with  fast  and  efficient  tools  and  workflows  for
producing  high-quality 3D imagery.  SOFTIMAGE|XSI v2.0 is certified for Windows
NT, Windows 2000 IRIX and LINUX platforms.

SOFTIMAGE|3D

     Our  SOFTIMAGE|3D  product  is a  content  creation  tool for 3D  character
animation  for  the  film,  commercial,  and  games  development  markets.  As a
price/performance  leader,   SOFTIMAGE|3D  features   production-proven  organic
modeling, character animation tools, and high-quality photo-realistic rendering.
These  tools  are  specifically   designed  for  integration  into  the  overall
production  pipeline,  providing  rapid,  high-quality  results to meet the most
demanding  deadlines.  SOFTIMAGE|3D  also  features an easy  upgrade path to the
next-generation  SOFTIMAGE|XSI  NLA system.  SOFTIMAGE|3D  v4.0 is certified for
Windows NT, Windows 2000, IRIX and LINUX platforms.


                                       6
<PAGE>

Storage Systems

     We offer a family  of media  storage  solutions  for use with our  systems.
Storage  systems  are used to add media  editing or playback  capacity,  improve
image quality,  support workgroup media sharing, and protect media from loss due
to hardware failure. We purchase disk drives, tape drives, and storage enclosure
sub-systems  from  third-party  manufacturers,  integrate  them,  enhance  their
performance, test and certify them for use with our systems, and package them in
various  configurations.  These  storage  systems  range in  capacity  from nine
gigabytes to over seven terabytes (7,000 gigabytes).

Avid Unity MediaNet

     Avid  Unity  MediaNet  is a set of  open  networking  and  central  storage
technologies  based on an  advanced  media file system  that  enables  realtime,
simultaneous  sharing of  high-bandwidth  media.  Avid Unity  MediaNet  connects
editors,  artists, sound designers, and effects specialists throughout a digital
facility  to  the  same  network,   significantly  improving  workflow,  raising
productivity,  and  enhancing  creativity  by  eliminating  many of the routine,
mechanical tasks associated with managing today's  part-linear,  part-non-linear
post-production  process.  Included in Avid Unity  MediaNet are  advanced  media
transfer   utilities  and   server-assisted   shared   storage  and   networking
technologies, providing support for a wide range of applications and platforms.

Trilligent Cluster

     The Trilligent  Cluster is a turnkey  streaming  media system  optimized to
reliably deliver high-bandwidth content over the Internet. Its high performance,
linear  scalability,   and  ease-of-use  capabilities  allow  streaming  service
providers,  content delivery  networks,  and content hosts to rapidly distribute
high quality,  dynamic  content over the Internet.  The Trilligent  Cluster is a
streaming  Internet  platform  that  supports  up to 5,000  megabits  per second
sustained streaming bandwidth and provides seven terabytes of on-line storage at
its full  configuration.  This  power  is  equivalent  to the live or  on-demand
delivery  of more than  10,000  unique  500k  broadband  streams and the on-line
storage of tens of thousands of hours of broadband  content.  At the core of the
Trilligent  Cluster is distributed  file server software  running in conjunction
with  a  storage  area  network.   This  combination   produces  extremely  high
performance and enables  real-time,  shared media access by eliminating the need
to replicate disks and manage content between media servers.

Professional Audio Products

Pro Tools

     Developed  by  our  Digidesign  division,   the  Pro  Tools  product  is  a
multi-track,  non-linear  digital  audio  workstation  that  runs on Mac OS- and
Windows-based personal computers.  Pro Tools software provides solutions for the
entire audio production process, including sound synthesis,  recording, editing,
signal processing,  integrated  surround mixing, and mastering.  Pro Tools users
are in the consumer,  prosumer and professional music, film, television,  radio,
multimedia,  DVD, and Internet production  markets.  Digidesign offers Pro Tools
software in a variety of configurations,  ranging from Digi ToolBox and Digi 001
systems for home music studios,  to high-end Pro Tools systems for  professional
music and post production, including the ProTools|HD system which began shipping
in  early  2002.  The  Pro  Tools  system  also  supports  a  rich   development
architecture,  with  more than 100  development  partners  providing  additional
software and hardware solutions for the Digidesign architecture.

ProControl

     ProControl is Digidesign's  high-end,  expandable  hardware control surface
for hands-on access to the recording,  editing,  processing, and surround mixing
capabilities of Pro Tools software.  The ProControl  control surface connects to
the Pro Tools software via high-speed  Ethernet.  ProControl allows full control
of Pro Tools  functions with patented faders and dedicated  switches,  character
displays  and knobs.  With its  modular  design,  the  ProControl  system can be
customized to fit any studio,  providing  from 8 to 48 channels of  simultaneous
control.  The Edit Pack option adds integrated  control of advanced  editing and
surround mixing features,  and make the ProControl product a comprehensive front
end for professional Pro Tools systems.


                                       7
<PAGE>

Control|24

     In early 2001,  Digidesign  released  Control|24,  a control  surface  that
combines  hands-on  access  to Pro  Tools  software  features  and  high-quality
microphone  pre-amplifiers  from Focusrite  Audio  Engineering,  Ltd., a leading
manufacturer  of analog  audio  processing  equipment.  The  Control|24  product
communicates  with Pro Tools  software via Ethernet,  and provides  control of a
vast majority of Pro Tools  functions.  Control|24  is a 24-channel,  fixed-size
control surface, designed for music production and broadcast applications.

AVoption and AVoption|XL

     The AVoption and  AVoption|XL  products are hardware  options for Pro Tools
systems that allow the user to record,  edit and process sound synchronized with
Avid-format,   non-linear   digital   video.   Designed   for  post   production
professionals  working in film,  TV, and video,  these options  enable  capture,
playback,   and  basic  editing  of  broadcast-quality   picture  from  projects
originating on Avid Media Composer, Film Composer and Symphony systems. AVoption
and  AVoption|XL  products also include  DigiTranslator,  a software option that
provides  users with a high  level of media and  metadata  interchange  with any
Avid-compatible system.

SALES AND SERVICE

     We market  and sell our  solutions  through  a  combination  of direct  and
indirect sales channels,  covering a range of industries  that Make,  Manage and
Move Media throughout the world.

     From our traditional  stronghold in the high-end  post-production market to
broadcast news,  low-cost  post-production,  and streaming media  solutions,  we
ensure  balanced  market and geographic  sales  coverage.  Our products are sold
primarily  through  a  network  of  more  than  250  independent   distributors,
value-added resellers and dealers.  These channels are supplemented by a team of
Avid sales representatives directly serving select customers and markets.

     We also provide both direct and indirect  customer  support.  Our customers
are served directly through regional  telephone support centers and major-market
field service  representatives,  supplemented by strategically  located dealers,
value-added  resellers and authorized  third-party service providers.  Customers
may choose  from a variety of support  offerings,  including  24 hour  telephone
support,  quick-response  on-site assistance,  hardware replacement and software
upgrades. Customer training is available directly from us or through field-based
authorized third-party Avid training centers.

MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLIERS

     Our   manufacturing   operations   consist  primarily  of  the  testing  of
subassemblies  and components  purchased from third parties,  the duplication of
software,  and the configuration,  assembly and testing of board sets, software,
related hardware  components,  and complete systems. We also rely on independent
contractors to manufacture  components and subassemblies to our  specifications.
Our systems undergo  testing and quality  assurance at the final assembly stage.
We are  dependent  on a number of sole source  vendors for certain key  hardware
components  of our  products.  For the risks  associated  with our reliance upon
certain vendors, see "Certain Factors that May Affect Future Results" under Item
7.

     We have  manufacturing  facilities  in  Tewksbury,  Massachusetts;  Dublin,
Ireland;  Madison,  Wisconsin; and Menlo Park, California.  The Company has also
contracted  with  third-party  manufacturing  facilities  for certain  component
parts.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     Our  research and  development  efforts are focused on the  development  of
digital  media  content-creation  tools and  workgroup  solutions  that  operate
primarily on Windows NT-based and Apple computers. This includes the development
and enhancement of best-in-class  video,  film, 3D animation,  and audio editing
systems  to meet the needs of  professionals  in the  television,  film,  music,
broadcast  news  production,  and  industrial  post-production  markets,  and of
end-users in the educational and corporate markets. Our research and development
efforts  therefore also include  networking  and storage  initiatives to deliver
standards-based  media  transfer and media asset  management  tools,  as well as
stand-alone   and   network-attached   media  storage  systems  for  workgroups.
Increasingly,  we design our systems to be Internet-enabled  with technology for
encoding and  streaming  media to the  Internet.  Our  research and  development
operations  are  primarily  in  Tewksbury,  Massachusetts;  Daly  City and Santa
Monica,  California;  Madison,  Wisconsin; and Montreal,  Canada. We also employ
independent  firms and  contractors  in the United States and abroad for certain
research and development activities.


                                       8
<PAGE>

COMPETITION

     The markets for our  products are highly  competitive  and subject to rapid
change.  Competition  is fragmented  with a large number of suppliers  providing
different types of products to different markets.

     In the video and film editing and effects market, we encounter  competition
primarily from vendors that offer similar digital production and post-production
editing,  effects,  and animation products based on standard computer platforms.
Our  competitors  in the  digital  production  and  post-production  editing and
effects markets  include  Discreet Logic (a division of Autodesk,  Inc.),  Apple
Computer, Quantel, Alias/Wavefront (a subsidiary of Silicon Graphics), Panasonic
(a subsidiary of Matsushita),  Media 100 Inc.,  Pinnacle Systems,  Inc. and Sony
Corporation. Our animation competitors include Discreet Logic,  Alias/Wavefront,
and NewTek. We also compete with vendors that offer editing and effects products
for originators of broadcast news. Our broadcast  competitors include Associated
Press, Sony,  Panasonic,  The Grass Valley (now, a unit of Thomson  Multimedia),
and Leitch. In the storage market,  our competitors  include EMC, Transoft (HP),
Medea,  Rorke Data, and Compaq. We also compete with vendors that generally have
offered  analog-based  products,  such as Sony and  Matsushita.  We expect  that
competition  from these  vendors  will  increase to the extent that such vendors
develop and introduce digital media products.

     In the  professional  audio market,  we compete  primarily with traditional
analog and digital recording and/or mixing system suppliers  including Euphonix,
Mackie Designs,  Alesis,  and Yamaha as well as other  disk-based  digital audio
system suppliers  including  Fairlight,  Roland,  Steinberg,  Studio/Audio/Video
(SADie),  and  others.  In  addition,  companies  such  as  Creative  Technology
currently  provide low-cost  digital audio playback cards targeted  primarily at
the  personal  computer  game  market.  There  can be no  assurance  that  these
companies  will not also introduce  products that are more directly  competitive
with our products.

     We may also face  competition in one or both of these markets in the future
from computer manufacturers,  such as Compaq, Hewlett-Packard,  IBM, and Silicon
Graphics,  as well as from software vendors,  such as Oracle and Sybase.  All of
these  companies  have  announced  their  intentions to enter some or all of our
target markets, including,  specifically, the broadcast news and special effects
sectors of the video and film editing and effects market.  In addition,  certain
developers of shrink-wrapped digital media software products,  such as Adobe and
Macromedia,  either offer or have  announced  video and audio  editing  products
which may compete with certain of our products.

     The  primary   competitive  factors  in  all  of  our  market  sectors  are
price/performance,  functionality,  product  quality,  reputation,  product line
breadth,  access to distribution  channels,  customer service and support, brand
name awareness, and ease of use.

EMPLOYEES

     The Company employed 1,543 people as of December 31, 2001.

ITEM 2.     PROPERTIES

     Our   principal   administrative,   sales  and   marketing,   research  and
development, support, and manufacturing facilities are located in three adjacent
buildings in an office park located in Tewksbury,  Massachusetts.  Our leases on
these  buildings  expire in June 2010. In September 2000, we subleased a portion
of this space to an unrelated company.  The sublease expires in 2003. In January
2002,  we vacated  additional  space in  Tewksbury in  connection  with our 2001
restructuring action and are currently seeking a tenant for that space.

     We also lease facilities in Dublin, Ireland; Madison,  Wisconsin; and Menlo
Park,  California  for the  manufacture  and  distribution  of our products.  We
additionally lease office space in Daly City,  California housing our Digidesign
headquarters,  including  administrative,  sales and marketing, and research and
development  activities  and in Iver Heath,  United  Kingdom,  for our  European
headquarters,  including administrative,  sales, and support functions. Finally,
we lease a facility in Montreal,  Canada,  which houses certain  administrative,
research and development, and support operations.

     In September  1995,  our United Kingdom  subsidiary  entered into a 15-year
lease in  London,  England.  We  vacated  this  property  in 1999 as part of our
corporate restructuring actions, and have currently sublet all of this space. We
also  maintain  sales and  marketing  support  offices in leased  facilities  in
various other locations throughout the world.

     We  anticipate  that our leased  facilities  will be adequate for our needs
during 2002.

                                       9
<PAGE>

ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     On June 7, 1995, Avid filed a patent  infringement  complaint in the United
States   District  Court  for  the  District  of   Massachusetts   against  Data
Translation,  Inc.  (now known as Media 100),  a  Marlboro,  Massachusetts-based
company.  Avid is seeking  judgment  against Media 100 that, among other things,
Media  100  willfully   infringed  Avid's  patent  number  5,045,940,   entitled
"Video/Audio  Transmission  System and Method." Avid is also seeking an award of
treble damages  together with prejudgment  interest and costs,  Avid's costs and
reasonable  attorneys' fees, and an injunction to prohibit further  infringement
by Media 100. The litigation has been dismissed without prejudice (with leave to
refile), pending a decision by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on a reissue
patent application based on the issued patent.

     On March 11, 1996,  Avid was named as a defendant in a patent  infringement
suit filed in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas
by Combined Logic Company,  a California  partnership  located in Beverly Hills,
California.  On May 16,  1996,  the suit was  transferred  to the United  States
District  Court for the Southern  District of New York on motion by the Company.
The complaint  alleges  infringement  by Avid of U.S.  patent number  4,258,385,
issued in 1981,  and seeks  injunctive  relief,  treble  damages and costs,  and
attorneys' fees. Avid believes that it has meritorious defenses to the complaint
and intends to contest it  vigorously.  However,  an adverse  resolution of this
litigation could have an adverse effect on the Company's  consolidated financial
position  or results of  operations  in the  period in which the  litigation  is
resolved. No costs have been accrued for this possible loss contingency.

     In  March  1999,  Avid  and  Tektronix,   Inc.  were  sued  by  Glen  Holly
Entertainment,   Inc.,  a  Tektronix  distributor,   claiming  that  Tektronix's
discontinuance  of the  Tektronix  Lightworks  product  line was the result of a
strategic alliance by Tektronix and Avid. Glen Holly raised antitrust and common
law claims  against the Company and Tektronix,  and sought lost future  profits,
treble  damages,  attorneys'  fees, and interest.  All of the claims against the
Company and Tektronix were dismissed by the lower court. Glen Holly is appealing
the lower court's decision. Avid views the complaint and appeal as without merit
and intends to defend itself vigorously.  However, an adverse resolution of this
litigation could have an adverse effect on the Company's  consolidated financial
position  or results of  operations  in the  period in which the  litigation  is
resolved. No costs have been accrued for this possible loss contingency.

     Avid receives  inquiries  from time to time with regard to possible  patent
infringement claims. If any infringement is determined to exist, the Company may
seek licenses or settlements.  In addition,  as a normal incidence of the nature
of the Company's  business,  various claims,  charges,  and litigation have been
asserted or commenced against the Company arising from or related to contractual
or employee  relations,  intellectual  property  rights or product  performance.
Management does not believe these claims will have a material  adverse effect on
the financial position or results of operations of the Company.

ITEM 4.     SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     No matters  were  submitted  to a vote of the  Company's  security  holders
during the last quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001.

                                       10
<PAGE>


                        EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY

Set forth below is (i) the name and age of each present executive officer of the
Company; (ii) the position(s) presently held by each person named; and (iii) the
principal occupation held by each person named for at least the past five years.


EXECUTIVE OFFICER        AGE               POSITION(S)

David Krall               41      President and Chief Executive Officer

Paul J. Milbury           53      Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

David R. Froker           46      Vice President and General Manager, Digidesign

Joseph Bentivegna         41      Vice President of Video Development and
                                  Operations

Charles L. Smith          41      Vice President of Worldwide Sales,
                                  Marketing & Services

Michael J. Rockwell       35      Chief Technology Officer

Carol L. Reid             54      Vice President and Corporate Controller

Ethan E. Jacks            48      Vice President of Business Development,
                                  Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary

--------------------

DAVID KRALL.  Mr. Krall is  currently  the  Company's  President  (appointed  in
October 1999) and Chief Executive Officer (appointed in April 2000).  Previously
he served as Avid's  Chief  Operating  Officer  from October 1999 to April 2000.
Prior to that,  Mr.  Krall served in various  capacities  at  Digidesign:  Chief
Operating  Officer of Digidesign  from July 1998 to October 1999, Vice President
of  Engineering  from June 1996 to July 1998 and Director of Program  Management
from May 1995 to June 1996.

PAUL J. MILBURY.  Mr. Milbury was appointed  Vice President and Chief  Financial
Officer in December 2000. Prior to that time, he was Chief Financial  Officer of
iBelong.com, Inc. from April 2000 to December 2000, and of JuniorNet Corporation
from  October  1998 to April 2000.  Mr.  Milbury  also spent 19 years at Digital
Equipment  Corporation (now Compaq Computer Corporation) where in 1995 he became
Vice President and Treasurer.

DAVID R.  FROKER.  Mr.  Froker has been Vice  President  and General  Manager of
Digidesign  since January 1997.  Prior to serving in his present  position,  Mr.
Froker served in various capacities at Digidesign: General Manager from May 1996
to January 1997,  Vice  President  Product  Marketing from September 1995 to May
1996, and Vice President,  Business Development from May 1994 to September 1995.
From  November  1987 to July 1993 Mr.  Froker held various  positions in Product
Marketing and Business  Strategy for Amdahl, a maker of mainframe  computers and
storage peripherals.

JOSEPH  BENTIVEGNA.  In August 2001, Mr. Bentivegna was appointed Vice President
of Video Development and Operations. Prior to August 2001, he held several other
positions at Avid  including  Vice  President and General  Manager of Avid Media
Solutions from June 2000 to August 2001, Vice President of Worldwide  Operations
from  January  1999 to June 2000,  Vice  President  and General  Manager of Asia
Operations  from  September 1998 to January 1999 and Vice President of Worldwide
Manufacturing  from June 1996 to September 1998. From November 1991 to June 1996
Mr.  Bentivegna  held various  other  positions  at Avid.  Prior to that he held
various  positions in  operations  for Access  Technology,  Inc., a developer of
application software.

CHARLES L. SMITH.  Mr. Smith was appointed  Vice  President of Worldwide  Sales,
Marketing  and  Services  in  November  1999.  Prior to serving  in his  present
position,  Mr. Smith served in various capacities at Digidesign:  Vice President
of Sales and Marketing  from October 1996 to November  1999,  Vice  President of
International  Sales from August 1995 to October  1996,  and  Managing  Director
Digidesign UK from May 1993 to August 1995.

                                       11
<PAGE>

MICHAEL J. ROCKWELL. Mr. Rockwell was appointed Chief Technology Officer of Avid
in August  2001.  Mr.  Rockwell  has also served as Vice  President  and General
Manager of Avid  Internet  Solutions  from June 2000 to August 2001 and as Chief
Architect for Software Engineering of Digidesign,  from January 1997 to November
1999.  Prior positions with Digidesign were Director of Application  Development
from March 1995 to January 1997 and Director of Multi-Media  Products from April
1994 to March 1995.

CAROL L. REID.  Ms.  Reid joined Avid in  November  1998 as Vice  President  and
Corporate  Controller.  Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Reid spent 20 years at
Digital Equipment Corporation (now Compaq Computer  Corporation),  where she was
Vice  President  of  Internal  Audit  from  January  1998 to  November  1998 and
Assistant Treasurer/Director from October 1994 to January 1998.

ETHAN E. JACKS.  Since March 1999,  Mr.  Jacks has served as Vice  President  of
Business Development and Chief Legal Officer. From May 2000 to December 2000, he
also served as Acting Chief Financial Officer.  Prior to joining Avid, Mr. Jacks
was Vice President and General  Counsel for Molten Metal  Technology,  Inc. from
November  1991 to  October  1998.  Mr.  Jacks was also  engaged  in the  private
practice of law for eleven years,  including as a partner at  McDermott,  Will &
Emery.



There are no family relationships among the named executive officers.

                                       12
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5.     MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq  National  Market under the symbol
AVID.  The table below shows the high and low sales  prices of the common  stock
for each calendar quarter of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000.

             2001                       High               Low
             ----                       ----               ---

         First Quarter                 $21.813           $12.500
         Second Quarter                $17.420           $11.500
         Third Quarter                 $15.700            $6.650
         Fourth Quarter                $12.890            $6.550


             2000                       High               Low
             ----                       ----               ---

         First Quarter                 $24.500           $11.438
         Second Quarter                $20.563           $ 9.375
         Third Quarter                 $15.438           $10.063
         Fourth Quarter                $21.000           $13.359


     On March 14,  2002,  the last  reported  sale price of the Nasdaq  National
Market for our common  stock was $13.699 per share.  The  approximate  number of
holders of record of our common  stock at March 14, 2002,  was 597.  This number
does not  include  shareholders  for whom  shares  were held in a  "nominee"  or
"street" name.

     We have never  declared or paid cash  dividends  on our  capital  stock and
currently  intend to retain all available  funds for use in the operation of our
business.  We do not  anticipate  paying any cash  dividends in the  foreseeable
future.

                                       13
<PAGE>

ITEM 6.     SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The  following  table  sets  forth  our  selected  condensed   consolidated
financial data. Included in our financial statements and selected financial data
are the results of operations of Softimage, which we acquired on August 3, 1998,
and  iNews,  which we  acquired  on January 1,  2001.  These  acquisitions  were
accounted  for as  purchases  and,  accordingly,  the results of  operations  of
Softimage  and iNews are included as of their  acquisition  dates.  The selected
consolidated  financial  data  below  should  be read in  conjunction  with  the
"Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operations" and the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included
elsewhere in this filing.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS DATA:
In thousands (except per share data)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                      ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                                         2001        2000        1999        1998        1997
                                                                      ---------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                    <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Net revenues                                                           $434,638    $476,090    $452,555    $482,377    $471,338
Cost of revenues                                                        213,572     234,424     205,877     190,249     221,553
                                                                      ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
 Gross profit                                                           221,066     241,666     246,678     292,128     249,785
                                                                      ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
Operating expenses:
 Research and development                                                86,140      82,900      88,932      88,787      73,470
 Marketing and selling                                                  113,053     119,469     129,889     125,280     120,394
 General and administrative                                              23,313      27,504      28,147      28,549      25,808
 Restructuring and other costs, net                                       8,268                  14,469      28,373
 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets                   31,168      66,872      79,879      34,204
                                                                      ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
  Total operating expenses                                              261,942     296,745     341,316     305,193     219,672
                                                                      ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
Operating income (loss)                                                 (40,876)    (55,079)    (94,638)    (13,065)     30,113
Other income and expense, net                                             5,529       3,730       3,459       8,636       8,125
                                                                      ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
Income (loss) before income taxes                                       (35,347)    (51,349)    (91,179)     (4,429)     38,238
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes                                 2,800       5,000      46,369        (796)     11,854
                                                                      ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
Net income (loss)                                                      ($38,147)   ($56,349)  ($137,548)    ($3,633)    $26,384
                                                                      =========   =========   =========   =========   =========

Net income (loss) per common share - basic                               ($1.49)     ($2.28)     ($5.75)     ($0.15)      $1.14
                                                                      =========   =========   =========   =========   =========

Net income (loss) per common share - diluted                             ($1.49)     ($2.28)     ($5.75)     ($0.15)      $1.08
                                                                      =========   =========   =========   =========   =========

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic                       25,609      24,683      23,918      23,644      23,065
                                                                      =========   =========   =========   =========   =========

Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted                     25,609      24,683      23,918      23,644      24,325
                                                                      =========   =========   =========   =========   =========

</TABLE>


CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:
In thousands
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   As of December 31,
                                 ------------------------------------------------------
                                     2001      2000      1999       1998       1997
                                 ------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>
Working capital                     $85,490   $96,585   $70,344   $118,965   $186,474
Total assets                        215,806   266,482   312,024    486,715    356,805
Long-term obligations                13,020    13,449    14,220     13,261        403
Total stockholders' equity          104,758   137,850   167,923    290,311    241,794

</TABLE>

                                       14
<PAGE>

SUPPLEMENTAL PRO FORMA INFORMATION:

     The following table presents pro forma operating  income (loss),  excluding
the  impact  of   restructuring   and  other  costs,  net  and  amortization  of
acquisition-related intangible assets.

In thousands:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                  --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                    2001         2000        1999        1998        1997
                                                                  --------     -------     -------     -------     -------
<S>                                                               <C>          <C>          <C>        <C>         <C>
Pro forma operating income (loss), excluding restructuring
and other costs, net and amortization of acquisition-related
intangible assets                                                 ($1,440)     $11,793      ($290)     $49,512     $30,113
                                                                  ========     =======     =======     =======     =======
</TABLE>

                                       15
<PAGE>

ITEM 7.     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
            RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW

     The Company develops, markets, sells and supports a wide range of software,
and hardware and software systems, for digital media production,  management and
distribution.  Digital  media  are  media  elements,  whether  video,  audio  or
graphics, in which the image, sound or picture is recorded and stored as digital
values, as opposed to analog, or tape-based, signals.

     During  the  fourth  quarter  of  1999,  we  announced  and  implemented  a
restructuring  plan to  strategically  refocus our business and bring  operating
expenses  in line  with  net  revenues,  with the  goal of  restoring  long-term
profitability  to the Company.  The process included a re-evaluation of our core
competencies,  technology  plan, and business model, and was completed in tandem
with the development of our fiscal 2000 operating plan. The  restructuring  plan
resulted in a charge of approximately $9.6 million related to the termination of
209 employees, or 11% of our work force, and the vacating of certain facilities,
as well as the discontinuation of a limited number of products.

     During 2001, we announced and implemented  restructuring  plans to decrease
costs through the consolidation of operations.  The  restructuring  actions were
taken to further  improve the Company's cost structure and  profitability  given
the economic  pressures facing the industry,  and were generally not targeted at
specific  products or services.  As a result, we recorded total charges of $10.0
million during the year related to the  termination of 194 employees,  or 11% of
our work force, and the vacating of certain facilities.

     In January 2001, we acquired the remaining 50% ownership interest in iNews,
which was  formerly  held by The Grass  Valley  Group  (now,  a unit of  Thomson
Multimedia).  Since the acquisition  date,  operating results of iNews have been
included in our consolidated operating results. Prior to that date, our share of
the operating results of iNews was included in other income (expense).

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

     In Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations we discuss Avid's consolidated  financial  statements,  which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and the disclosure of contingent  assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial  statements  and the reported  amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting  period.  On an on-going  basis,  management  evaluates its
estimates  and  judgments,  including  those  related  to  revenue  recognition;
allowances for product returns and exchanges;  allowance for bad debts; reserves
for recourse under financing transactions;  and the valuation of inventories and
income tax assets.  Management  bases its  estimates and judgments on historical
experience  and various other  factors that are believed to be reasonable  under
the  circumstances,  the  results of which  form the basis for making  judgments
about the carrying  values of assets and  liabilities and the amounts of revenue
and expenses that are not readily  apparent from other  sources.  Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

     Management   believes  the  following  critical  accounting  policies  most
significantly  affect the  portrayal of the  Company's  financial  condition and
require management's most difficult and subjective judgments.

Revenue Recognition and Allowances for Product Returns and Exchanges

     We  recognize  revenue  from  sales  of  software  or  products   including
proprietary  software  upon receipt of a signed  purchase  order or contract and
product  shipment,  provided that collection is reasonably  assured,  the fee is
fixed or determinable,  and all other revenue recognition  criteria of SOP 97-2,
"Software Revenue Recognition," as amended, are met.

     Avid's  products do not require  significant  production,  modification  or
customization  of  software.  Installation  of our products  generally  requires
insignificant  effort and is not  typically  performed  by us.  For sales  where
installation is complex and non-routine,  our policy is to defer product revenue
until such  installation  is  satisfactorily  completed.  In  addition,  in rare
circumstances when an order includes a customer acceptance  provision,  we defer
all revenue  recognition  until the  customer's  acceptance  of the products and
services has been received or the acceptance period has lapsed.

                                       16
<PAGE>

     We generally  recognize  revenue upon shipment of our products to end-users
or distributors. Approximately 79% of our revenue is derived from indirect sales
channels, including authorized resellers and distributors. Most of our resellers
and distributors are not granted rights to return products to us after purchase,
and actual product returns from them have been  insignificant to date.  However,
some channel partners,  particularly  those who resell our Audio products,  have
agreements with us that grant them limited rights of return,  stock rotation and
price  protection.  We  record a  provision  for  estimated  returns  and  other
allowances  in the same period that related  revenues are  recorded.  Management
estimates must be made and used in connection with  establishing and maintaining
a sales  allowance  for  expected  returns  and other  credits.  In making  such
estimates,  management analyzes historical returns and credits and considers the
impact  of new  product  introductions,  changes  in  customer  demand,  current
economic conditions, and other known factors. Material differences may result in
the  amount  and  timing  of our  revenue  for any  period if  management  makes
judgments or uses  estimates  that prove to be materially  different from actual
experience.

     We use the residual method to recognize revenues when an order includes one
or more elements to be delivered at a future date and evidence of the fair value
of all undelivered elements exists. Under the residual method, the fair value of
the  undelivered   elements  is  deferred  and  the  remaining  portion  of  the
arrangement fee is recognized as revenues.  If evidence of the fair value of one
or more undelivered elements does not exist, we defer all revenues and recognize
them  when  delivery  of  those  elements  occurs  or  when  fair  value  can be
established.

     At the time of a sale  transaction,  Avid  must make an  assessment  of the
collectibility  of the amount due from the customer.  Revenue is only recognized
at that time if management is reasonably  assured that collection will occur. In
making this assessment,  management  considers  customer  credit-worthiness  and
historical  payment  experience.  At that same time,  we assess  whether the fee
associated  with the order is fixed or  determinable,  considering  the  payment
terms of the  transaction,  our  collection  experience  in similar  transaction
without  making  concessions,  and  our  involvement,  if  any,  in  third-party
financing transactions, among other factors. If a significant portion of the fee
is due after our normal payment terms, which are generally 30 days (but up to 90
days) after the invoice date, we generally consider that the fee is not fixed or
determinable.

Allowance for Bad Debts and Reserves for Recourse under Financing Transactions

     Avid maintains allowances for bad debts for estimated losses resulting from
the  inability  of its  customers  to make  required  payments  for  products or
services.  When evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful  accounts,
we  analyze  accounts  receivable  balances,   historical  bad  debts,  customer
concentrations,  customer  credit-worthiness and current economic trends. If the
financial  condition  of our  customers  were to  deteriorate,  resulting  in an
impairment  of their  ability to make  payments,  additional  allowances  may be
required.

     Avid,  through a third party,  provides lease financing  options to some of
its customers. Under the terms of these leases, which are generally three years,
we remain liable for any unpaid principal  balance upon default by the end-user,
but such  liability is limited in the  aggregate.  We record  revenue from these
transactions  upon  the  shipment  of our  products  since we  believe  that our
collection experience with similar transactions supports our assessment that the
fee is fixed or  determinable.  We  maintain a reserve  for  estimated  recourse
losses under this financing program based on historical  default rates. While we
have experienced  insignificant losses from defaults to date under this program,
deterioration  in the financial  condition of our customers who  participated in
the program could require additional reserves.

Inventories

     Inventory in the digital media market,  including our inventory, is subject
to rapid technological change or obsolescence.  Our management regularly reviews
inventory   quantities   on  hand  and  writes  down   inventory  for  estimated
obsolescence or  unmarketability  based upon assumptions  about future inventory
demand,  generally for the following twelve months,  and market  conditions.  If
actual  future  demand  or  market  conditions  are less  favorable  than  those
estimated by management, additional inventory write-downs might be required.

Income Tax Assets

     We record deferred tax assets and liabilities  based on the net tax effects
of tax credits,  operating loss carryforwards and temporary  differences between
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial  reporting purposes
and the amounts used for income tax purposes. We then assess the likelihood that
our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and, to the
extent we  believe  that  recovery  is not  likely,  we  establish  a  valuation
allowance.  The valuation  allowance is based on our estimates of taxable income
in each  jurisdiction in which we operate and the period over which our deferred
tax assets will be recoverable. Through December 31, 2001, we believe it is more
likely than not that all of our  deferred  tax assets will not be realized  and,
accordingly, we have recorded a valuation allowance against substantially all of

                                       17
<PAGE>

our deferred tax assets.  If results of operations  in the future  indicate that
some or all of the deferred tax assets will be  recovered,  the reduction of the
valuation  allowance will be recorded as a tax benefit during one period or over
many periods.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     The  following  table  sets  forth  certain  items  from  our  consolidated
statements  of  operations  as a  percentage  of net  revenues  for the  periods
indicated:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                            -------------------------------
                                                               2001       2000       1999
                                                            -------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>        <C>
Net revenues                                                  100.0%     100.0%     100.0%
Cost of revenues                                               49.1%      49.2%      45.5%
                                                              -------    -------    -------
  Gross profit                                                 50.9%      50.8%      54.5%
                                                              -------    -------    -------
Operating expenses:
  Research and development                                     19.8%      17.4%      19.7%
  Marketing and selling                                        26.0%      25.1%      28.7%
  General and administrative                                    5.4%       5.8%       6.2%
  Restructuring and other costs, net                            1.9%                  3.2%
  Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets         7.2%      14.0%      17.7%
                                                              -------    -------    -------
    Total operating expenses                                   60.3%      62.3%      75.5%
                                                              -------    -------    -------
Operating loss                                                 (9.4%)    (11.5%)    (21.0%)
Other income (expense), net                                     1.3%       0.8%       0.8%
                                                              -------    -------    -------
Loss before income taxes                                       (8.1%)    (10.7%)    (20.2%)
Provision for income taxes                                      0.7%       1.1%      10.2%
                                                              -------    -------    -------
Net loss                                                       (8.8%)    (11.8%)    (30.4%)
                                                              =======    =======    =======

</TABLE>

     Excluding  amortization of  acquisition-related  intangible  assets and, in
2001 and 1999,  restructuring  and other costs,  net, pro forma operating income
(loss) was (0.3%), 2.5% and (0.1%) of net revenues in 2001, 2000 and 1999,
respectively.

Net Revenues

     Our net revenues have been derived mainly from the sales of  computer-based
digital, non-linear media editing systems and related peripherals,  licensing of
related  software,  and sales of related software  maintenance  contracts.  This
market has been,  and we expect it to  continue  to be,  highly  competitive.  A
significant  portion of these  revenues  are  generated by sales near the end of
each quarter,  which can impact our ability to precisely  forecast revenues on a
quarterly  basis.  Net revenues  decreased  8.7% from $476.1  million in 2000 to
$434.6 million in 2001. This decrease  occurred across product  families in both
our Video and Film Editing and Effects  ("Video")  business and our Professional
Audio ("Audio") business.  We believe that a portion of this overall decline was
due to the general worldwide economic slowdown,  and if this slowdown continues,
it may impact our future revenues as well.  Certain product  families within the
Video business  segment,  in particular  broadcast  products and services,  Avid
Unity, and Avid|DS HD (introduced in early 2001), showed growth  year-over-year,
but this  growth was more than offset by  declines  in other  product  families,
including Media Composer.  The increase in broadcast product and service revenue
was  attributable  primarily  to the  acquisitions  of iNews in January 2001 and
Pluto in September 2000. The decline in the Audio business segment was primarily
attributable   to  weaker  third  and  fourth  quarter   revenues  as  customers
anticipated the release in early January 2002 of the new HD products.

     Net revenues  increased  5.2% from $452.6 million in 1999 to $476.1 million
in 2000. The increase in net revenues during 2000 was attributable  primarily to
our  Audio  business  segment,  which had a revenue  increase  of $30.9  million
year-over-year  attributable  to the Digi 001 product,  introduced in late 1999,
and distribution of third-party audio-related and Pro Tools compatible products.
Certain  products within the Video business,  in particular Avid Unity MediaNet,
introduced  in late  1999,  and  Avid  Xpress  DV,  introduced  in  early  2000,
contributed to an increase in revenue, but this increase was more than offset by
declines in other product families.

                                       18
<PAGE>

     During  2001,  we  began  shipments  of  Avid|DS  HD,  Newscutter  XP v2.0,
Newscutter XP Mobile,  Avid Unity  MediaNet  v2.0,  Avid Unity  LANshare 1.0 and
SOFTIMAGE|XSI  v2.0,  as  well  as  several  point-releases  of  other  existing
products.  We also began offering iNews products and services as a result of the
acquisition  in January 2001.  In 2000,  we introduced  several new products and
version  updates  of  existing  products,   including  Avid  Xpress  DV  on  IBM
IntelliStation for the Windows NT platform,  SOFTIMAGE|XSI,  Trilligent Cluster,
Avid Unity for News and  NewsCutter  Effects v2.0. We also began  offering Pluto
products and services as a result of the acquisition in September 2000.

     Net revenues derived through indirect  channels were  approximately 79% for
2001,  compared  to 85% of net revenue for 2000 and 89% of net revenue for 1999.
The trend to direct  selling during 2001 is due primarily to the growth in sales
to our broadcast  customers that  generally  require a longer selling cycle with
more direct support.

     International  sales  (sales to  customers  outside  the United  States and
Canada) accounted for 47.6% of our 2001 net revenues, compared to 51.1% for 2000
and 51.3% for 1999. International sales decreased by approximately $36.6 million
or 15.0% in 2001 compared to 2000 and increased by  approximately  $11.3 million
or 4.9% in 2000 compared to 1999. The decrease in  international  sales for 2001
compared  to 2000  reflected  decreases  in Europe  primarily  and,  to a lesser
extent,  the Asia Pacific  region and Latin America.  Management  believes these
declines are  attributable  to the  economic  climate and the impact of currency
translation.  The  increase  in  international  sales for 2000  compared to 1999
reflected  increases  in the Asia  Pacific  region  primarily  and,  to a lesser
extent, Latin America, partially offset by decreases in Europe.

Gross Profit

     Cost  of  revenues   consists   primarily  of  costs  associated  with  the
procurement of components;  the assembly,  testing, and distribution of finished
products;  warehousing;  post-sales  customer  support costs; and provisions for
inventory  obsolescence.  The resulting gross profit fluctuates based on factors
such as the mix of  products  sold,  the  cost  and  proportion  of  third-party
hardware and software included in the systems sold by the Company,  the offering
of product  upgrades,  price discounts and other sales promotion  programs,  the
distribution channels through which products are sold, the timing of new product
introductions,   and  sales  of  aftermarket  hardware  products.  Gross  margin
increased to 50.9% in 2001 compared to 50.8% in 2000,  which had decreased  from
54.5% in 1999. The increase  during 2001 reflects lower vendor  material  costs,
manufacturing efficiencies,  and in the Video business, a favorable product mix.
These increases were partially  offset by a shift to lower margin Audio products
and the negative impact of currency  fluctuations,  primarily a weakening of the
Japanese  yen, and to a lesser extent the euro,  resulting in lower U.S.  dollar
equivalent  revenue.  The  decrease  in the gross  margin  during 2000 from 1999
reflects the impact of currency fluctuations,  primarily a weakening of the euro
resulting  in lower U.S.  dollar  equivalent  revenue,  a shift to  lower-margin
products and upgrades,  pricing and other sales  promotion  programs,  partially
offset by efficiencies in manufacturing.

Research and Development

     Research and development  expenses  increased by $3.2 million,  or 3.9%, in
2001 compared to 2000 and  decreased by $6.0 million,  or 6.8%, in 2000 compared
to 1999.  The increase in  expenditures  in 2001 was  primarily due to increased
personnel-related  expenses and facility  costs,  primarily  associated with the
acquisitions  of  iNews in  January  2001 and  Pluto in  September  2000 and the
relocation  of  Digidesign's  facilities  in late  2001,  partially  offset by a
reduction  in  variable   employee   compensation   expense.   The  decrease  in
expenditures in 2000 compared to 1999 was primarily the result of  restructuring
actions  implemented in late 1999. Spending reductions were realized during 2000
in personnel and occupancy  costs and were  partially  offset by  investments in
several new initiatives, including Internet endeavors and the broadcast business
as well as the  Digidesign  Audio  business and lower-end  products such as Avid
Xpress DV.  Research and development  expenses  increased as a percentage of net
revenues,  to 19.8% in 2001 from 17.4% in 2000,  primarily  due to the increased
expenses  noted  above and the  decreased  revenue  base in 2001.  Research  and
development  expenses decreased as a percentage of net revenues to 17.4% in 2000
from 19.7% in 1999, primarily due to our 1999 restructuring actions coupled with
an increased revenue base in 2000.

Marketing and Selling

     Marketing and selling expenses decreased by $6.4 million,  or 5.4%, in 2001
compared to 2000 and  decreased by $10.4  million,  or 8.0%, in 2000 compared to
1999.  The decrease in  expenditures  in 2001 was primarily due to reductions in
bad debt expense,  variable employee  compensation and trade show  expenditures.
These  decreases  were partially  offset by twelve months of  incremental  iNews
costs.  The decrease in  expenditures in 2000 compared to 1999 was primarily the
result of restructuring  actions  implemented in late 1999.  Spending reductions
were realized  during 2000 in personnel  related costs,  occupancy and marketing

                                       19
<PAGE>

related costs.  These  reductions were slightly offset by investments in several
new areas  including our Internet  initiatives.  Marketing and selling  expenses
increased as a  percentage  of net revenues to 26.0% in 2001 from 25.1% in 2000,
primarily  due to a  decreased  revenue  base in  2001.  Marketing  and  selling
expenses decreased as a percentage of net revenues,  to 25.1% in 2000 from 28.7%
in 1999, primarily due to the 1999 restructuring actions discussed above,
coupled with an increased revenue base in 2000.

General and Administrative

     General and administrative expenses decreased by $4.2 million, or 15.2%, in
2001 compared to 2000 and decreased by approximately  $0.6 million,  or 2.3%, in
2000 compared to 1999. The decrease in expenses in 2001 was primarily the result
of reduced  personnel-related  costs,  including variable  compensation expense,
recruiting and relocation costs and executive severance  benefits.  The decrease
in  expenses   in  2000   compared  to  1999   primarily   represented   reduced
personnel-related  costs related to  restructuring  actions  implemented in late
1999,  consulting  fees,  legal fees and travel.  These  reductions in 2000 were
partially  offset by executive  severance  benefits,  profit sharing expense and
retention  programs.   General  and  administrative   expenses  decreased  as  a
percentage  of net revenues to 5.4% in 2001 from 5.8% in 2000,  primarily due to
the  reductions  in  personnel  related  costs  discussed  above.   General  and
administrative  expenses  decreased as a  percentage  of net revenues to 5.8% in
2000 from 6.2% in 1999, as a result of reduced spending due to the restructuring
actions and an increased revenue base.

Restructuring and Other Costs

     In March 2001, we implemented a restructuring plan related to the Softimage
operations.  As a result,  47 employees were terminated,  primarily in Montreal,
Canada, and we vacated a leased facility in California.  In connection with this
plan, we recorded a $1.3 million  restructuring  charge during the first quarter
of 2001.  The  restructuring  charge  included  approximately  $1.1  million for
severance  and  related  costs of  terminated  employees  and $0.2  million  for
facility vacancy costs,  including a non-cancelable  lease  commitment.  In June
2001, we implemented a restructuring plan related to the Avid Internet Solutions
operations  resulting  in the  termination  of 7 employees  and a  restructuring
charge of $0.2 million for severance and related costs. In connection with these
plans, we made cash payments during 2001 of $1.4 million,  of which $1.3 million
related to personnel costs and $0.1 million was facilities-related.

     In August 2001, we  implemented a  restructuring  plan to further  decrease
costs through the consolidation of operations and the reduction of approximately
140 jobs  worldwide.  In  connection  with this  plan,  we  recorded a charge to
operating  expenses  of $8.5  million in the third  quarter.  The  restructuring
charge  included  approximately  $6.1 million for severance and related costs of
terminated  employees and $2.4 million for facility vacancy costs, of which $1.0
million  represented  non-cash  charges relating to the disposition of leasehold
improvements  which will be abandoned  upon  vacating the related  properties in
2002.  This  restructuring  plan is expected to result in annual cost savings of
approximately $11.0 million.  During 2001, we made cash payments of $4.7 million
related to personnel  severance-related  costs. The remaining accrual balance at
December 31, 2001 was $3.8 million,  of which $1.4 million  relates to personnel
costs and $2.4 million relates to facility costs.

     In November  1999, we  implemented a  restructuring  plan to  strategically
refocus the Company and bring operating expenses in line with net revenues, with
the goal of restoring  long-term  profitability and supporting our new strategic
initiatives.  The process  included a  re-evaluation  of our core  competencies,
technology   plans  and  business  model,  and  was  completed  in  tandem  with
development  of our  fiscal  2000  operating  plan.  The major  elements  of the
restructuring  plan  included  the  termination  of  certain  employees  and the
vacating of certain  facilities.  The plan also provided for no further releases
of a  limited  number  of  existing  product  offerings,  including  stand-alone
Marquee,  Avid Cinema, Media Illusion and Matador. In connection with this plan,
we  recorded  a  restructuring  charge  of $9.6  million.  The  charge  included
approximately  $6.6 million for severance and related costs for 209 employees on
a worldwide  basis,  $2.4 million for facility  vacancy costs and  approximately
$0.6 million of non-cash  charges  relating to the  disposition of certain fixed
assets  that would no longer be used.  At the time of the  charge,  the  Company
expected that these  restructuring  actions would result in an expense reduction
of  approximately  $18.0  million on an  annualized  basis and  results,  net of
incremental  investments  contemplated  at the time the  restructuring  plan was
implemented, have been in accordance with management's expectations. Since 1999,
we have made cash payments of $7.9 million, of which $6.6 million was related to
personnel costs and $1.2 million was  facilities-related.  The remaining accrual
balance at December 31, 2001 was $1.2 million,  the majority of which relates to
estimated  losses on office  space in the United  Kingdom  which we vacated  and
sublet.

                                       20
<PAGE>

     In December  1999,  in  connection  with the  resignation  of two executive
officers,  we incurred  and  recorded a charge of $2.9  million for  termination
benefits as  specified in the  employment  contracts  of the  officers.  Through
December 31, 2001, cash payments of approximately $2.4 million have been made in
full satisfaction of our obligations. As a result, in 2001, we recorded a credit
of $0.5  million  to  restructuring  and other  costs,  net,  associated  with a
reduction in the estimated liability.

     In December 1999, the Company entered into an agreement to sell its Italian
subsidiary to a third party who  established the entity as a distributor of Avid
products.  The sale was  completed  in the first  quarter of 2000.  The  Company
recorded  in 1999 a loss of  approximately  $2.0  million  related  to the sale,
including  a reserve of $1.0  million  for the  Company's  guarantee  of the new
entity's line of credit with a bank.  This  guarantee  ended on January 31, 2001
without  requiring any cash payment by Avid.  Accordingly,  in the quarter ended
March 31, 2001, the Company  recorded a credit  associated  with the reversal of
the reserve,  which was included under the caption restructuring and other cost,
net, where the charge was originally recorded. In addition, in the quarter ended
June 30, 2001,  the Company  received a payment of $0.3  million  under the note
received as partial  consideration  from the buyers of the  Italian  subsidiary.
This payment was  recorded as a credit to  restructuring  and other  costs,  net
since the note was fully  reserved  when  received.  Any future  payments  to be
received under the note will be similarly accounted for only when received.

Amortization of Acquisition-related Intangible Assets

     In  connection  with  our  August  1998  acquisition  of  the  business  of
Softimage,  we  allocated  $127.8  million  to  goodwill  and $88.2  million  to
intangible  assets consisting of completed  technologies,  work force, and trade
name. During 1999, a balance sheet purchase  accounting  adjustment was recorded
which  decreased  goodwill  by  approximately  $6.9  million.  Included  in  the
operating  results for 2001, 2000 and 1999 is  amortization of these  intangible
assets  and  goodwill  of $28.5  million,  $66.5  million,  and  $79.9  million,
respectively.  As of December  31,  2001,  these  intangible  assets,  including
goodwill, were fully amortized.

     During  2001 and  2000,  we  recorded  additional  intangible  assets as we
acquired the following companies: iNews, LLC, The Motion Factory, Inc. and Pluto
Technologies  International  Inc.  In  connection  with these  acquisitions,  we
allocated $6.5 million to intangible assets consisting of completed technologies
and  work  force.  Included  in the  operating  results  for  2001  and  2000 is
amortization  of these  intangible  assets  of $2.7  million  and $0.3  million,
respectively. The unamortized balance of the intangible assets relating to these
acquisitions was $3.5 million at December 31, 2001.

Other Income and Expense, Net

     Other  income and  expense,  net,  generally  consists of interest  income,
interest  expense  and equity in income of  non-consolidated  companies.  During
2001, other income and expense,  net,  increased $1.8 million from $3.7 million.
The increase was primarily  due to a net gain of $4.0 million  recorded upon the
sale of all common stock  received by us in connection  with the sale in 2000 of
our investment in Avid Sports LLC,  including  additional shares of common stock
received during the second quarter of 2001.  This increase was partially  offset
by a  decrease  in  interest  income,  primarily  attributable  to a decline  in
interest  rates;  the  elimination of our equity in the net income of iNews as a
result of the  acquisition of the remaining  ownership  interest in 2001; and an
impairment  charge of $1.1 million on an  unconsolidated  entity  accounted  for
under the cost method.  During 2000, other income and expense, net, increased to
$3.7 million from $3.5 million in 1999. The increase was primarily related to an
increase in income related to  non-consolidated  companies,  which was partially
offset by an increase in interest expense.

Provision for Income Taxes

     Our effective tax rate was 8%, 10% and 51%,  respectively,  for 2001, 2000,
and 1999. The tax rate for 2001 includes an addition to the valuation  allowance
against all  U.S.-related  deferred tax assets and an addition to the  valuation
allowance  against a majority of the foreign  deferred tax assets.  Based on the
level of deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2001 and the level of historical
U.S.  and  foreign  taxable  income,  we have  determined  that the  uncertainty
regarding  the  realization  of  these  assets  is  sufficient  to  warrant  the
establishment  of a valuation  allowance.  Excluding the impact of the valuation
allowance,  our effective tax rate would have been (34%) for 2001.  This differs
from the Federal  statutory rate of (35%) due primarily to state taxes, the U.S.
Federal  Research  Tax Credit and our foreign  subsidiaries,  which are taxed at
different rates.

     The tax rate for 2000  includes  an  addition  to the  valuation  allowance
against  all  U.S.-related  deferred  tax  assets  and  the  establishment  of a
valuation  allowance  against a majority  of the  foreign  deferred  tax assets.
Excluding  the impact of the valuation  allowance,  our effective tax rate would
have been (37%) for 2000. This differs from the Federal  statutory rate of (35%)
due  primarily  to state  taxes,  the U.S.  Federal  Research Tax Credit and our
foreign subsidiaries, which are taxed at different rates.

                                       21
<PAGE>

     The tax rate for 1999 includes the impact of  establishing a full valuation
allowance against U.S.-related deferred tax assets.  Excluding the impact of the
valuation allowance, our effective tax rate would have been (41%) for 1999. This
differs from the Federal  statutory  rate of (35%) due  primarily to state taxes
and the U.S. Federal Research Tax Credit.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     We have funded our operations to date through both private and public sales
of equity  securities  as well as  through  cash flows  from  operations.  As of
December 31,  2001,  our  principal  sources of liquidity  included  cash,  cash
equivalents, and marketable securities totaling approximately $73.0 million.

     With respect to cash flow,  net cash provided by operating  activities  was
$8.7 million in 2001 compared to $12.1 million in 2000 and $7.6 million in 1999.
During 2001, cash generated from operating  activities reflects net income after
adjustment for depreciation and amortization,  as well as a decrease in accounts
receivable.  This was partially  offset by  reductions  in accounts  payable and
accrued expenses. During 2000, cash generated from operating activities reflects
net income after  adjustment for depreciation and amortization and provision for
doubtful accounts,  offset by cash uses attributable primarily to an increase in
accounts receivable and inventories. During 1999, net cash provided by operating
activities  primarily  reflects net income after adjustment for depreciation and
amortization  and changes in deferred  taxes,  as well as a decrease in accounts
receivable.  This was offset by  reductions  in income taxes payable and accrued
expenses.

     Net cash flow used in  investing  activities  was  $27.9  million  in 2001,
compared to $1.7 million in 2000 and $10.1 million in 1999.  We purchased  $15.5
million of property  and  equipment  during  2001,  compared to $7.4 million and
$22.6 million in 2000 and 1999,  respectively.  Purchases in 2001 were primarily
of computers  and  furniture  and  fixtures  purchased  in  connection  with the
relocation of the Digidesign facility to Daly City,  California and hardware and
software to support  research and  development  activities  and our  information
systems.  Purchases in 2000 were primarily of equipment to support  research and
development  activities.  Purchases  in 1999  were  primarily  of  hardware  and
software  for our  information  systems and  equipment  to support  research and
development  activities.  Our capital  spending  program  for 2002 is  currently
expected to be approximately  $9.5 million,  primarily for hardware and software
to support  activities in the research and development,  customer  service,  and
sales and marketing areas.  However,  this amount could increase in the event we
enter into strategic business acquisitions or for other reasons.

     During 2001, we also made a cash  payment,  net of cash  acquired,  of $5.4
million for the purchase of the remaining 50% ownership  interest in iNews. Also
during 2001,  we received $4.0 million in cash upon the sale of all common stock
received by us in  connection  with the sale in 2000 of our  investment  in Avid
Sports LLC.  During  2000,  we also made a cash  investment  of $2.1  million in
Rocket  Network,  Inc. and purchased the assets of two companies,  Pluto and The
Motion  Factory,  for a total of  approximately  $2.0  million  in cash and $0.3
million of guaranteed  bonuses paid in 2001. In connection with the acquisitions
of Pluto and The Motion  Factory,  we may be required to make future  contingent
cash payments limited in the aggregate to an additional $13.5 million, dependent
upon future revenues and/or gross margin levels of products  acquired from Pluto
and The Motion Factory through March 2002 and December 2004, respectively.

     We made a  payment  of  $8.0  million  in 1999  against  a note  issued  to
Microsoft  Corporation  in connection  with the  acquisition  of  Softimage.  In
February 2002, we made an additional  payment of approximately  $13.0 million in
full  satisfaction  of our  note  to  Microsoft.  (See  Note R to the  Notes  to
Consolidated Financial Statements).

     During 2001 and 2000, we generated cash of  approximately  $1.2 million and
$10.1 million,  respectively, net of common stock repurchases, from the issuance
of common stock related to the exercise of stock options and our employee  stock
purchase plan.  During 1999, we used  approximately  $16.0 million for financing
activities  reflecting the acquisition of $19.7 million of treasury stock, which
was offset by the  issuance  of common  stock  related to the  exercise of stock
options and the employee stock purchase plan.

     During 1998, we announced  that our board of directors had  authorized  the
repurchase of up to 3.5 million shares of our common stock.  Purchases were made
in the open market or in privately  negotiated  transactions.  During  2001,  we
repurchased  232,000 shares in the open market at a cost of  approximately  $4.2
million,  which completed this stock buyback program.  We have used, and plan to
continue to use, any repurchased shares for our employee stock plans.

     As a result  of the  various  restructuring  actions  taken by the  Company
during 2001 and prior  periods,  we have  commitments to pay severance and other
termination  benefits to employees of  approximately  $1.5 million over the next
twelve  months.  In  connection  to these  restructuring  actions  we also  have
facility-related  cash obligations of approximately  $2.6 million as a result of
losses to be incurred on subleases of space or lease  vacancies.  These payments
will be made  over the  remaining  terms of the  leases,  which  expire in 2010,
unless  we are able to  negotiate  an  earlier  termination.  All  restructuring
related payments will be funded through working capital.

                                       22
<PAGE>

     We believe existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and funds
generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our cash  requirements  for
the foreseeable future. In the event we require additional financing, we believe
that we  will  be  able to  obtain  such  financing;  however,  there  can be no
assurance  that we would be  successful  in doing  so, or that we could do so on
favorable terms.

CONTRACTUAL AND COMMERCIAL OBLIGATIONS

     The  following  table sets forth future  payments  that we are obligated to
make  under  existing  debt  agreements,   leases  and  other  arrangements  (in
thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            Less than 1                                                   After
                                            Total               Year            1 - 3 Years        4 - 5 Years           5 Years
                                       ---------------    ---------------    ----------------    ---------------    ----------------
<S>                                          <C>                 <C>                 <C>                <C>                 <C>
Long-term debt                                $13,020                                $13,020
Operating leases                              102,018            $16,929              26,561            $22,479             $36,049
Unconditional purchase obligations              7,600              7,600
                                       ---------------    ---------------    ----------------    ---------------    ----------------
                                             $122,638            $24,529             $39,581            $22,479             $36,049
                                       ===============    ===============    ================    ===============    ================
</TABLE>

     Other contractual  arrangements that may result in cash payments consist of
the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                   Total             Less than 1 Year          1 - 3 Years
                             -----------------    ----------------------   ------------------
<S>                                   <C>                        <C>                 <C>
Transactions with recourse            $21,500                    $7,167              $14,333
Lines of credit                           283                       283
Stand-by letter of credit               5,850                                          5,850
                             -----------------    ----------------------   ------------------

                                      $27,633                    $7,450              $20,183
                             =================    ======================   ==================
</TABLE>

     We,  through  a  third  party,  are a  party  to  certain  lease  financing
transactions   with  our   customers.   Under  the  terms  of  these   financing
arrangements,  which are generally  three years, we remain liable for any unpaid
principal balance upon default by the end-user.  Our liability is limited in the
aggregate  based on a percentage of initial amounts funded or, in certain cases,
amounts of unpaid balances.  As of December 31, 2001, our maximum exposure under
this program was $21.5 million.

     Two of our international  subsidiaries have unsecured overdraft  facilities
available  that permit  aggregate  borrowings  of  approximately  325,000  euros
(approximately  $0.3 million at December 31, 2001). No amounts were  outstanding
under these facilities at December 31, 2001.

     We have a  stand-by  letter of credit at a bank that is used as a  security
deposit in connection with our Daly City,  California office space lease. In the
event of default on our lease commitment, the landlord would be eligible to draw
against this letter of credit to a maximum of $5.8 million, subject to an annual
reduction of approximately  $0.8 million but not below $2.0 million.  The letter
of credit will remain in effect at this level  throughout  the  remaining  lease
period,  which runs through September 2009. As of December 31, 2001, we were not
in default of this lease.

     We conduct our  business  globally  and,  consequently,  our  results  from
operations are exposed to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. We enter
into forward exchange contracts,  which generally have one-month maturities,  to
reduce exposures  associated with  intercompany and third-party  receivables and
payables.  At December 31, 2001,  we are in a sell  position with respect to the
euro,  Japanese yen, Australian dollar and in a buy position with respect to the
British pound and the Canadian dollar. Our net currency position at December 31,
2001 is summarized as follows (in thousands):

                                      Approximate
                                 U.S. Dollar Equivalent
                                 ----------------------

          euro                            $13,323
          Canadian dollar                  15,517
          Japanese yen                      7,469
          British pound                       536
          Australian dollar                   229
                                      ------------
                                          $37,074
                                      ============

                                       23
<PAGE>

EUROPEAN MONETARY UNION

     On January 1, 1999,  eleven of the fifteen member countries of the European
Union established fixed conversion rates between their sovereign  currencies and
the euro. As of that date, the participating  countries agreed to adopt the euro
as their common legal currency. The euro is now traded on currency exchanges and
may be used in business  transactions.  On January 1, 2002,  euro notes and coin
were put into  circulation and the process of withdrawing  legacy currency notes
and coin began. The legacy currencies will cease to be legal tender effective no
later than June 30, 2002.

     We began conducting certain business transactions in the euro on January 1,
1999, and changed our functional currency for the effected countries to the euro
on January 1, 2000.  The  conversion to the euro has not had and is not expected
to have a significant  operational  impact or a material financial impact on the
results  of  operations,  financial  position,  or  liquidity  of  our  European
businesses.

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In November 2001, the Emerging Issues Task Force  ("EITF"),  a committee of
the Financial Accounting  Standards Board ("FASB"),  reached a consensus on EITF
Issue 01-9,  "Accounting  for  Consideration  Given by a Vendor to a Customer or
Reseller of the  Vendor's  Products"  ("EITF  01-9").  EITF 01-9  presumes  that
consideration  from a vendor to a customer or reseller of the vendor's  products
is a reduction of the selling  prices of the vendor's  products and,  therefore,
should be  characterized  as a  reduction  of  revenue  when  recognized  in the
vendor's  income  statement  which could lead to negative  revenue under certain
circumstances.  Revenue reduction is required unless consideration  relates to a
separate  identifiable  benefit and the benefit's fair value can be established,
in which case such amounts may be recorded as operating expenses.  In accordance
with its  provisions,  the Company will adopt EITF 01-9 on January 1, 2002.  The
Company sponsors certain cooperative  marketing programs that are required to be
accounted for under EITF 01-9.  Based on a review of these programs,  management
believes that the programs meet the criteria for  accounting for such amounts as
operating  expenses,  consistent  with the Company's  existing  policy and, as a
result,  does not anticipate that the adoption of EITF 01-9 will have a material
impact on the Company's results from operations.

     In June 2001,  the FASB issued  Statement  of  Accounting  Standard No. 142
("SFAS 142"),  "Goodwill and Other  Intangible  Assets." SFAS 142 supersedes APB
Opinion No. 17  "Intangible  Assets" and is effective for the Company on January
1, 2002. SFAS 142 addresses how acquired  goodwill and other  intangible  assets
should be accounted  for in financial  statements  subsequent  to their  initial
recognition.  The  provisions  of SFAS  142 (1)  prohibit  the  amortization  of
goodwill and  indefinite-lived  intangible assets, (2) require that goodwill and
indefinite-lived  intangible  assets be tested  annually for impairment  (and in
interim  periods if certain events occur  indicating  that the carrying value of
goodwill and/or indefinite-lived intangible assets may be impaired), (3) require
that  reporting  units be  identified  for the purposes of  assessing  potential
future  impairments of goodwill and (4) remove the forty-year  limitation on the
amortization  period of intangible assets that have finite lives.  Additionally,
SFAS  142  provides  guidance  about  how  to  determine  and  measure  goodwill
impairment  and requires  disclosure  of  information  about  goodwill and other
intangible  assets in the years subsequent to their  acquisition.  We are in the
process of adopting SFAS 142 and we are making the determinations as to what our
reporting  units are and what  amounts of  goodwill,  intangible  assets,  other
assets  and  liabilities  should  be  allocated  to those  reporting  units.  In
connection  with the adoption of SFAS 142, we expect to  reclassify  to goodwill
$1.1  million of  previously  recorded  acquired  work force  included  in total
intangible  assets of $3.5 million at December  31, 2001 and, as a result,  will
cease amortizing such amount.

     In August 2001, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets" ("SFAS
144"). The objectives of SFAS 144 are to address  significant issues relating to
the implementation of FASB Statement No. 121,  "Accounting for the Impairment of
Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed Of" ("SFAS 121"), and
to develop a single accounting model, based on the framework established in SFAS
121, for long-lived  assets to be disposed of by sale,  whether  previously held
and used or newly acquired.  SFAS 144 supersedes SFAS 121;  however,  it retains
the  fundamental  provisions of SFAS 121 for (1) the recognition and measurement
of the  impairment  of  long-lived  assets  to be  held  and  used  and  (2) the
measurement of long-lived  assets to be disposed of by sale. SFAS 144 supersedes
the accounting and reporting  provisions of Accounting  Principles Board No. 30,
"Reporting  the Results of  Operations - Reporting  the Effects of Disposal of a
Segment of a Business,  and  Extraordinary,  Unusual and Infrequently  Occurring
Events and  Transactions"  ("APB 30"), for segments of a business to be disposed
of.  However,  SFAS  144  retains  APB 30's  requirement  that  entities  report
discontinued  operations  separately from continuing operations and extends that
reporting  requirement  to "a  component  of an  entity"  that  either  has been
disposed  of or is  classified  as "held for  sale."  SFAS 144 also  amends  the

                                       24
<PAGE>

guidance  of  Accounting  Research  Bulletin  No.  51,  "Consolidated  Financial
Statements,"  to eliminate  the  exception to  consolidation  for a  temporarily
controlled  subsidiary.  SFAS 144 became effective for the Company on January 1,
2002 and, generally, its provisions are to be applied prospectively. The Company
does not expect  the  application  of SFAS 144 to have a material  impact on the
Company's financial position or results of operations.

                                       25
<PAGE>


Certain Factors That May Affect Future Results

     Some  of  the   statements  in  this  Form  10-K  relating  to  our  future
performance,   constitute  forward-looking   statements.   Such  forward-looking
statements are based upon  management's  current  expectations and involve known
and unknown risks. Realization of any of these risks may cause actual results to
differ materially from the results described in the forward-looking  statements.
Certain of these risks are as follows:

Our future  success will depend in part upon our ability to enhance our existing
products and introduce new products in the digital editing market.

     Our core digital  video and film  editing  market  predominantly  uses Avid
products, particularly Media Composer, which represents a significant portion of
our revenues,  and future growth in this market could therefore be limited.  Our
future growth will depend in part upon our ability to introduce new features and
functionality for Media Composer, improve upon its price/performance, respond to
competitive  offerings,  introduce and transition to new products,  and adapt to
new industry  requirements and standards.  Any delay or failure to develop these
enhancements  or to  introduce  other new products in this market could harm our
business and reduce our operating  results.  At the same time, the  introduction
and  transition  to new  products  could  have an impact on the  market  for our
existing products, which could adversely affect our revenues and business.

The broadcast market is large,  widely dispersed,  and highly competitive and we
may not be successful in growing our customer base in this market.

     We are  currently  building our presence in the  broadcast  market and have
augmented our  NewsCutter  offering with the Avid Unity for News  products,  and
with the server, newsroom, and browser products obtained in the recent Pluto and
iNews  acquisitions.  Our broadcast  strategy  depends on the conversion of this
market  from analog to  digital,  which has proven to be slower  than  expected.
Moreover,  as a relatively new player in the broadcast  market, we may encounter
difficulties in establishing  ourselves and developing a strong,  loyal customer
base.  Meanwhile,  our competitors may devote greater resources to the broadcast
market  than we do,  or may be able  to  leverage  their  market  presence  more
effectively.  If the digital broadcast market continues to develop slowly, or we
are unsuccessful in capturing a share of this market,  our business and revenues
could be adversely affected.

We have a  significant  share of the  professional  audio  market and  therefore
growth  in this  market  will  depend  in part on our  ability  to  successfully
introduce new products.

     Currently,  products of our Digidesign division have captured a significant
portion of the professional audio market. Our future success will depend in part
upon our  ability to offer,  on a timely  and  cost-effective  basis,  new audio
products and enhancements of our existing audio products. The timely development
of new or enhanced  products is a complex and  uncertain  process,  and we could
experience design, manufacturing, marketing, or other difficulties that delay or
prevent  our   development,   introduction  or  marketing  of  new  products  or
enhancements, which, in turn, could harm our business.

We are expanding our product line and our future  revenues depend in part on the
success of this expansion.

     We are expanding  our product line beyond our core video editing  market to
address  the  digital  media  production  needs of the  broadcast  news  market,
including cable and Internet news, the on-line film and video finishing  market,
and the emerging market for multimedia production tools,  including the Internet
and corporate  markets.  We have limited experience in serving these markets and
there  can be no  assurance  that  we will be  able  to  develop  such  products
successfully.  To be  successful,  we will need to introduce new products,  gain
customer  acceptance,   and  establish  appropriate   distribution  and  support
channels.  Any unexpected  delays or additional costs that we incur in achieving
these goals could harm our business and reduce our operating results.

Competition  in the 3D animation  market has  increased  dramatically  since our
acquisition of Softimage.

     The  animation  market  has  changed  significantly  from the time  when we
acquired our Softimage subsidiary in August 1998. While Softimage once dominated
the  higher  end of the 3D market  (i.e.,  feature  films  and  other  intensive
graphics  applications),  competitors'  products have eroded  Softimage's market
share and have  contributed  to downward price  pressure,  which has resulted in
reduced  margins.  In addition,  we have  experienced  delays in introducing new


                                       26
<PAGE>

products.  Finally, revenues in recent years have been increasingly derived from
sales  to  the   games   industry   and   non-traditional   markets.   If  these
non-traditional  markets were to slow or delay their purchases of 3D tools,  our
revenues could be adversely affected.  To the extent that these factors continue
or worsen, our business could suffer.

We use  independent  firms  and  contractors  to  perform  some  of our  product
development activities.

     Independent  firms  and  contractors,  some of whom  are  located  in other
countries,  perform some of our product development activities. We generally own
the software  developed by these  contractors.  The use of independent firms and
contractors,  especially those located abroad,  could expose us to risks related
to governmental  regulation,  intellectual property,  exchange rate fluctuation,
political  instability and unrest,  natural  disasters,  and other risks,  which
could adversely impact our revenues.

Our products are complex and delays or  difficulties in introducing new products
could harm our business.

     Our future  success  will depend in part on our  ability to offer  products
that compete  favorably with our competitors'  products in terms of reliability,
performance,  ease of use, range of features, product enhancements,  reputation,
price,  and  training.   Delays  or  difficulties  in  product  development  and
introduction  may harm our business.  Our products are  internally  complex and,
despite  extensive  testing and quality control,  may contain errors or defects.
Such errors or defects  could cause us to issue  corrective  releases  and could
result  in  loss  of  revenues,   increased  product  returns,  lack  of  market
acceptance, and damage to our reputation.

     New  product  announcements  by our  competitors  and by us could  have the
effect of reducing  customer demand for our existing  products.  Some of our new
products constitute upgrades of existing products.  In the past, we have offered
discounts  on the price of such  upgrades to existing  customers,  which,  where
appropriate,  have been based upon the return of circuit boards and system keys.
To the extent that such circuit boards and system keys are not returned,  it can
decrease the revenue generated by such new products.  New product  introductions
require us to devote  time and  resources  to  training  our sales  channels  in
product features and target customers,  with the temporary result that the sales
channels have less time to devote to selling our products.

Qualifying and supporting  our products on multiple  computer  platforms is time
consuming and expensive.

     Our software  engineers  devote  significant time and effort to qualify and
support our products on various  computer  platforms,  including  most  notably,
Microsoft's   Windows  and  Apple's  Macintosh   platforms.   Computer  platform
modifications  and upgrades  require  additional time to be spent to ensure that
our  products   will  function   properly.   To  the  extent  that  the  current
configuration of the qualified and supported platforms change or that we need to
qualify  and  support new  platforms,  we could be  required to expend  valuable
engineering resources and thereby reduce our operating results.

Our operating results are dependent on several unpredictable factors.

     The revenue and gross profit on our products  depend on many factors.  Such
factors include:

  o  mix of products sold;
  o  the cost and the proportion of third-party hardware included in such
     products;
  o  product distribution channels;
  o  timing of new product introductions;
  o  product offers and platform upgrades;
  o  price discounts and sales promotion programs;
  o  volume of sales of aftermarket hardware products;
  o  costs of swapping or fixing products released to the market with defects;
  o  provisions for inventory obsolescence;
  o  allocations of manufacturing overhead and customer support costs to cost of
     goods;
  o  sales of third-party computer hardware to distributors;
  o  competitive pressure on product prices; and
  o  currency fluctuations.

     Negative changes in any of these factors could reduce our revenue and gross
profit.

                                       27
<PAGE>

Our operating costs are tied to projections of future revenues, which may differ
from actual results.

     Our operating  expense levels are based,  in part, on our  expectations  of
future revenues. Such future revenues are difficult to predict. For example, the
current worldwide economic slowdown has had an impact on our recent results, and
if this slowdown persists, it may continue to lower our revenues.  Additionally,
a significant portion of our business occurs near the end of each quarter, which
can impact our ability to  precisely  forecast  revenues  on a quarterly  basis.
Further,  we are generally unable to reduce quarterly  operating  expense levels
rapidly  in the  event  that  quarterly  revenue  levels  fail to meet  internal
expectations.  Therefore,  if  quarterly  revenue  levels fail to meet  internal
expectations  upon which  expense  levels are based,  our results of  operations
could be lower than we had anticipated.

The markets for our  products  are  competitive,  and we expect  competition  to
intensify in the future.

     The digital  video,  audio,  and animation  markets are  competitive,  with
limited barriers to entry,  and are  characterized by pressure to reduce prices,
incorporate  new features,  and accelerate the release of new products.  Many of
our current and potential  competitors  have  substantially  greater  financial,
technical,  distribution,  support,  and  marketing  resources  than we do. Such
competitors  may use these  resources to lower their  product  costs and thus be
able to lower  prices  to  levels  at which we  could  not  operate  profitably.
Further, such competitors may be able to develop products comparable or superior
to ours,  or  adapt  more  quickly  to new  technologies  or  evolving  customer
requirements. If we are unable to compete effectively in our target markets, our
business and results of operations could suffer.

Poor  global  macroeconomic  conditions  could  disproportionately   impact  our
industry.

     As  a  result  of  unfavorable  economic  conditions  and  reduced  captial
spending, our customers in the media, broadcast, and content-creation industries
have delayed or reduced  expenditures.  The revenue growth and  profitability of
our business depends primarily on the overall demand for our products. Softening
demand for our products  resulting from ongoing economic  uncertainty may result
in decreased  revenues or earnings  levels or growth rates.  If global  economic
conditions  worsen,  demand for our  products  may weaken,  and our business and
results of operations could suffer.

We depend on a number of sole source suppliers.

     We are  dependent  on a  number  of  specific  suppliers  for  certain  key
components of our products. We purchase these sole source components pursuant to
purchase orders placed from time to time. We generally do not carry  significant
inventories  of these  sole  source  components  and have no  guaranteed  supply
arrangements. If any of our sole source vendors failed to supply or enhance such
components,  it could imperil our supply of these components.  Similarly, if any
of our vendors encountered technical,  operating or financial  difficulties,  it
might threaten our supply of these components. While we believe that alternative
sources of supply for sole source components could be developed, or our products
redesigned to permit the use of alternative  components,  an interruption in our
sources of supply could damage our business and negatively  affect our operating
results.

If we fail to maintain strong  relationships  with our resellers,  distributors,
and component suppliers,  our ability to successfully deploy our products may be
harmed.

     We sell many of our products and services  indirectly through resellers and
distributors.  These resellers and distributors  typically purchase software and
"kits" from us, and other turnkey  components  from other  vendors,  in order to
produce  complete  systems for  resale.  Any  disruption  to our  resellers  and
distributors,  or  their  third-party  suppliers,  could  reduce  our  revenues.
Moreover,  we are increasingly  distributing our products directly,  which could
put us in competition  with our resellers and  distributors  and could adversely
affect our revenues.

If we become dependent on third-party  hardware for our products,  our operating
results could be harmed.

     Our gross profit margin varies from product to product depending  primarily
on the  proportion and cost of  third-party  hardware  included in each product.
From time to time,  we add  functionality  and features to our  products.  If we
effect such  additions  through  the use of more,  or more  costly,  third-party
hardware,  and do not  increase  the  price of such  products  to  offset  these
increased costs, then our gross profit margin on these products could decrease.


                                       28
<PAGE>

Our future growth could be harmed if we lost the services of our key personnel.

     Our success depends upon the services of a number of key current employees.
The loss of the  services of one or more of these key  employees  could harm our
business.  Our success also depends upon our ability to attract  highly  skilled
new employees.  Competition  for such employees is intense in the industries and
geographic areas in which we operate.  If we are unable to compete  successfully
for such employees, our business could suffer.

Our websites could subject us to legal claims that could harm our business.

     Certain of our websites provide interactive information and services to our
customers.  To the extent that materials may be posted on and/or downloaded from
the  websites  and  distributed  to  others,  we may be  subject  to claims  for
defamation, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement, personal injury, or
other  theories of  liability  based on the  nature,  content,  publication  and
distribution of such materials. In addition, although we have attempted to limit
our exposure by contract,  we may also be subject to claims for  indemnification
by end users in the event that the security of our websites is  compromised.  As
these  websites  are  available  on  a  worldwide   basis,  the  websites  could
potentially be subject to a wide variety of international laws.

Regulations  could be enacted that restrict our Internet  initiatives and result
in slowing our future growth.

     As a result of the increasing use and popularity of the Internet,  federal,
state,  and local  authorities may adopt new laws and regulations  governing the
Internet.  These  laws  and  regulations  may  cover  issues  such  as  privacy,
distribution,  and content.  The enactment of any additional laws or regulations
could  impede the growth of the  Internet,  harm our Internet  initiatives,  and
place additional financial burdens on our business.

We could  incur  substantial  costs  protecting  our  intellectual  property  or
defending against a claim of infringement.

     Our ability to compete  successfully and achieve future revenue growth will
depend,  in part,  on our  ability to protect  our  proprietary  technology  and
operate without infringing upon the rights of others. We rely upon a combination
of  patent,  copyright,  and  trademark  laws,  trade  secret,   confidentiality
procedures,  and contractual  provisions,  as well as hardware security keys, to
protect  our  proprietary  technology.  However,  our  means of  protecting  our
proprietary rights may not be adequate.  From time to time unauthorized  persons
have  obtained,  copied,  and used  information  that we  consider  proprietary.
Policing  the  unauthorized  use of our  proprietary  technology  is costly  and
time-consuming, and software piracy can be expected to be a persistent problem.

     We  occasionally  receive  communications  suggesting that our products may
infringe  the  intellectual  property  rights of others.  It is our  practice to
investigate  the factual basis of such  communications  and  negotiate  licenses
where  appropriate.  While it may be  necessary  or  desirable  in the future to
obtain  licenses  relating  to one or more  products  or  relating to current or
future technologies, we may be unable to do so on commercially reasonable terms.
If we are unable to protect our  proprietary  technology  or unable to negotiate
licenses for the use of others'  intellectual  property,  our business  could be
impaired.

     We are currently  involved in various legal  proceedings,  including patent
litigation.  An  adverse  resolution  of any  such  proceedings  could  harm our
business  and reduce our results of  operations.  See Note I,  "Commitments  and
Contingencies" in the Company's audited financial statements.

If we acquire other  companies or  businesses,  we will be subject to risks that
could hurt our business.

     We periodically acquire businesses,  form strategic alliances, or make debt
or equity investments.  The risks associated with such acquisitions,  alliances,
and  investments  include,  among others,  the  difficulty of  assimilating  the
operations  and  personnel  of the  target  companies,  the  failure  to realize
anticipated return on investment,  cost savings and synergies, and the diversion
of  management's  time  and  attention.   Such  acquisitions,   alliances,   and
investments  often  involve  significant  transaction-related  costs  and  cause
short-term  disruption  to normal  operations.  If we are unable to  overcome or
counter  these risks,  it could  undermine  our business and lower our operating
results.

                                       29
<PAGE>

Our operating results could be harmed by currency fluctuations.

     A significant portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than
the U.S. dollar.  Accordingly,  changes in the value of major foreign currencies
(including the euro,  the British  pound,  and the Japanese yen) relative to the
value of the U.S. dollar could lower future revenues and operating results.

Our stock price may continue to be volatile.

     The market price of our common  stock has been  volatile in the recent past
and could fluctuate  substantially in the future based upon a number of factors,
some of which are beyond our control. These factors include:

  o  changes in our quarterly operating results;
  o  shortfalls in revenues or earnings compared to securities analysts'
     expectations;
  o  changes in analysts' recommendations or projections;
  o  fluctuations in investors' perceptions of us or our competitors;
  o  shifts in the markets for our products;
  o  development and marketing of products by our competitors;
  o  changes in our relationships with  suppliers, distributors, resellers,
     system integrators, or customers; and
  o  continuing repercussions of the September 11, 2001 national tragedy.

Further,  the stock market has witnessed unusual  volatility with respect to the
price of equity  securities of high  technology  companies  generally,  and this
volatility has, at times, appeared to be unrelated to any of the factors above.

                                       30
<PAGE>

ITEM 7A.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

Market Risk

     The Company's primary exposures to market risk are the effect of volatility
in currencies on asset and liability positions of our international subsidiaries
that are  denominated in foreign  currencies,  and the effect of fluctuations in
interest rates earned on our cash equivalents and marketable securities.

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

     The  Company  derives  approximately  50% of its  revenues  from  customers
outside  the United  States.  This  business  is, for the most part,  transacted
through international subsidiaries and generally in the currency of the end user
customers.  This  circumstance  exposes  the  Company to risks  associated  with
changes in foreign currency that can impact revenues, net income (loss) and cash
flow. The Company  enters into foreign  currency  forward-exchange  contracts to
hedge the foreign exchange exposure of certain forecasted receivables,  payables
and cash balances of its foreign subsidiaries.  Gains and losses associated with
currency rate changes on the  contracts  are recorded in results of  operations,
offsetting gains and losses on the related assets and  liabilities.  The success
of this hedging  program  depends on forecasts  of  transaction  activity in the
various currencies.  To the extent that these forecasts are over- or understated
during  the  periods  of  currency  volatility,  the  Company  could  experience
unanticipated currency gains or losses.

     At December 31,  2001,  the Company had $37.1  million of  forward-exchange
contracts  outstanding,  denominated  in euros,  British  pounds,  Japanese yen,
Canadian dollars and Australian  dollars,  as a hedge against forecasted foreign
currency-denominated   receivables,   payables  and  cash   balances.   For  the
twelve-month period ended December 31, 2001, net gains of $1.8 million resulting
from  forward-exchange  contracts  were  recorded,  which  partially  offset net
transaction  losses of $2.0  million on the related  assets and  liabilities.  A
hypothetical  10% change in  foreign  currency  rates  would not have a material
impact on the  Company's  results of  operations,  assuming the  above-mentioned
forecast of foreign  currency  exposure is  accurate,  because the impact on the
forward  contracts as a result of a 10% change would at least  partially  offset
the  impact  on the asset  and  liability  positions  of the  Company's  foreign
subsidiaries.

Interest Rate Risk

     At December 31, 2001,  the Company held $54.8  million in cash  equivalents
and marketable securities, including short-term government and government agency
obligations.  Marketable  securities  are classified as "available for sale" and
are recorded on the balance sheet at market value,  with any unrealized  gain or
loss recorded in other comprehensive  income (loss). A hypothetical 10% increase
or  decrease  in  interest  rates  would not have a material  impact on the fair
market value of these instruments due to their short maturity.

                                       31
<PAGE>

                              AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.

                           ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001

                                     ITEM 8

          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION



                                       32
<PAGE>

                              AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.

                   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INCLUDED IN ITEM 8:

Report of Independent Accountants................................           34

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31,
  2001, 2000 and 1999............................................           35

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2001 and 2000.....           36

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended
  December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999...............................           37

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
  2001, 2000 and 1999............................................           38

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.......................           39


Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule for the years ended December 31, 2001,
2000 and 1999 included in Item 14(d):

Schedule II - Supplemental Valuation and Qualifying Accounts.....          F-1

     Schedules other than that listed above have been omitted since the required
information  is not  present,  or not present in amounts  sufficient  to require
submission of the schedule,  or because the information  required is included in
the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto.

                                       33
<PAGE>

                        REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
  of Avid Technology, Inc.:

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying
index present fairly, in all material  respects,  the financial position of Avid
Technology,  Inc. and its  subsidiaries  at December 31, 2001 and 2000,  and the
results of their  operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended  December 31, 2001 in  conformity  with  accounting  principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion,
the financial  statement  schedule  listed in the  accompanying  index  presents
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in
conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.  These financial
statements  and  financial  statement  schedule  are the  responsibility  of the
Company's  management;  our  responsibility  is to  express  an opinion on these
financial  statements and financial  statement  schedule based on our audits. We
conducted our audits of these  statements in accordance with auditing  standards
generally  accepted in the United States of America,  which require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements,  assessing the accounting  principles used and significant estimates
made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
January 30, 2002, except for Note R
  which is as of February 6, 2002

                                       34
<PAGE>

AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
(in thousands, except per share data)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                     ---------------------------------------
                                                                        2001           2000           1999
                                                                     ---------      ---------      ---------
<S>                                                                   <C>            <C>            <C>
Net revenues                                                          $434,638       $476,090       $452,555
Cost of revenues                                                       213,572        234,424        205,877
                                                                     ---------      ---------      ---------
  Gross profit                                                         221,066        241,666        246,678
                                                                     ---------      ---------      ---------
Operating expenses:
  Research and development                                              86,140         82,900         88,932
  Marketing and selling                                                113,053        119,469        129,889
  General and administrative                                            23,313         27,504         28,147
  Restructuring and other costs, net                                     8,268                        14,469
  Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets                 31,168         66,872         79,879
                                                                     ---------      ---------      ---------
    Total operating expenses                                           261,942        296,745        341,316
                                                                     ---------      ---------      ---------

Operating loss                                                         (40,876)       (55,079)       (94,638)

Interest income                                                          2,546          3,634          4,304
Interest expense                                                        (1,473)        (1,275)          (686)
Other income (expense), net                                              4,456          1,371           (159)
                                                                     ---------      ---------      ---------
Loss before income taxes                                               (35,347)       (51,349)       (91,179)

Provision for income taxes                                               2,800          5,000         46,369
                                                                     ---------      ---------      ---------

Net loss                                                              ($38,147)      ($56,349)     ($137,548)
                                                                     =========      =========      =========

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted                           ($1.49)        ($2.28)        ($5.75)
                                                                     =========      =========      =========

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted          25,609         24,683         23,918
                                                                     =========      =========      =========

</TABLE>

The  accompanying  notes  are an  integral  part of the  consolidated  financial
statements.

                                       35
<PAGE>

AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(in thousands, except par value)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                           ------------------------
                                                                              2001           2000
                                                                           ---------      ---------
<S>                                                                         <C>            <C>
ASSETS
Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                   $45,613        $64,875
 Marketable securities                                                        27,348         18,331
 Accounts receivable, net of allowances of $11,497 and
  $11,384 at December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively                         78,010         90,047
 Inventories                                                                  21,690         21,102
 Deferred tax assets, net                                                        695          1,014
 Prepaid expenses                                                              6,722          6,102
 Other current assets                                                          3,440          4,634
                                                                           ---------      ---------
  Total current assets                                                       183,518        206,105

Property and equipment, net                                                   27,164         26,136
Acquisition-related intangible assets, net                                     3,462         30,316
Other assets                                                                   1,662          3,925
                                                                           ---------      ---------
 Total assets                                                               $215,806       $266,482
                                                                           =========      =========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable                                                            $19,076        $28,775
 Accrued compensation and benefits                                            13,023         21,072
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                               26,125         23,155
 Income taxes payable                                                         10,932         12,039
 Deferred revenues                                                            28,872         24,479
                                                                           ---------      ---------
  Total current liabilities                                                   98,028        109,520
                                                                           ---------      ---------

Long-term debt and other liabilities                                          13,020         13,449

Purchase consideration                                                             -          5,663

Commitments and contingencies (Note I)

Stockholders' equity:
 Preferred stock, $.01 par value, 1,000 shares authorized;
   no shares issued or outstanding
 Common stock, $.01 par value, 50,000 shares authorized;
   26,591 and 26,591 shares issued and 26,085 and 25,667
   shares outstanding at December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively                266            266
 Additional paid-in capital                                                  357,446        359,103
 Accumulated deficit                                                        (235,926)      (197,779)
 Treasury stock, at cost, 506 and 924 shares at December 31,
   2001 and 2000, respectively                                                (8,035)       (15,622)
 Deferred compensation                                                        (1,294)        (4,752)
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                         (7,699)        (3,366)
                                                                           ---------      ---------
  Total stockholders' equity                                                 104,758        137,850
                                                                           ---------      ---------
  Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                $215,806       $266,482
                                                                           =========      =========
</TABLE>

The  accompanying  notes  are an  integral  part of the  consolidated  financial
statements.

                                       36
<PAGE>

AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
(in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                               Accumulated
                                                                              Retained                            Other     Total
                                         Shares of        Common  Additional  Earnings                           Compre-    Stock-
                                        Common Stock       Stock   Paid-in  (Accumulated) Treasury   Deferred    hensive   holders'
                                     Issued  In Treasury  Issued   Capital     Deficit)    Stock   Compensation   Loss      Equity
                                    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>      <C>         <C>    <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>
Balances at December 31, 1998         26,591   (2,197)     $265   $349,289     $14,338   ($68,024)   ($3,773)   ($1,784)   $290,311

Purchase of treasury stock                     (1,183)                                    (19,718)                          (19,718)
Stock issued pursuant to employee
  stock plans                                     659              (11,931)     (4,873)    21,253                             4,449
Issuance of restricted stock                       50         1        586                              (587)
Conversion of purchase consideration                                29,212                                                   29,212
Restricted stock grants canceled
  and compensation expense                        (30)                (587)                            2,507                  1,920
Comprehensive loss:
  Net loss                                                                    (137,548)                                    (137,548)
   Net unrealized loss on
    marketable securities                                                                                           (32)        (32)
   Translation adjustment                                                                                          (671)       (671)
                                                                                                                               -----
  Other comprehensive loss                                                                                                     (703)
                                                                                                                               -----
Comprehensive loss                                                                                                         (138,251)
                                    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balances at December 31, 1999         26,591   (2,701)      266    366,569    (128,083)   (66,489)    (1,853)    (2,487)    167,923

Purchase of treasury stock                        (35)                                       (460)                             (460)
Stock issued pursuant to employee
  stock plans                                   1,503              (22,095)     (9,530)    42,153                            10,528
Issuance of restricted stock                      378                 (715)     (3,817)     9,174     (4,638)                     4
Options issued at below fair
  market value                                                       1,338                            (1,338)
Conversion of purchase consideration                                14,884                                                   14,884
Restricted stock grants canceled
  and compensation expense                        (69)                (878)                            3,077                  2,199
Comprehensive loss:
  Net loss                                                                     (56,349)                                     (56,349)
   Net unrealized gain on
    marketable securities                                                                                         1,738       1,738
   Translation adjustment                                                                                        (2,617)     (2,617)
                                                                                                                             -------
  Other comprehensive loss                                                                                                     (879)
                                                                                                                             -------
Comprehensive loss                                                                                                          (57,228)
                                    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balances at December 31, 2000         26,591     (924)      266    359,103    (197,779)   (15,622)    (4,752)    (3,366)    137,850

Purchase of treasury stock                       (291)                                     (5,054)                           (5,054)
Stock issued pursuant to employee
  stock plans                                     756               (6,417)                12,641                             6,224
Cancellation of options issued at
  below fair market value                                             (150)                              150
Conversion of purchase consideration                                 5,519                                                    5,519
Restricted stock grants canceled
  and compensation expense                        (47)                (609)                            3,308                  2,699
Comprehensive loss:
  Net loss                                                                     (38,147)                                     (38,147)
   Net change in unrealized gain
    (loss) on marketable securities                                                                              (1,733)     (1,733)
   Translation adjustment                                                                                        (2,600)     (2,600)
                                                                                                                             -------
  Other comprehensive loss                                                                                                   (4,333)
                                                                                                                             -------
Comprehensive loss                                                                                                          (42,480)
                                    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balances at December 31, 2001         26,591     (506)     $266   $357,446   ($235,926)   ($8,035)   ($1,294)   ($7,699)   $104,758
                                    ================================================================================================
</TABLE>

The  accompanying  notes  are an  integral  part of the  consolidated  financial
statements.

                                       37
<PAGE>

AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                 ----------------------------------------
                                                                                    2001           2000           1999
                                                                                 ----------     ----------     ----------
<S>                                                                                <C>            <C>           <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
 Net loss                                                                          ($38,147)      ($56,349)     ($137,548)
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by
   operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization                                                      47,287         84,264        103,223
  Provision for doubtful accounts                                                     1,635          6,170          3,971
  Compensation from stock grants and options                                          2,699          2,199          1,920
  Changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities                                       (329)            14         52,965
  Loss on disposal of equipment                                                                                       850
  Equity in income of non-consolidated companies                                     (1,252)        (1,020)
  Gain on sales of businesses                                                        (4,359)
  Provision for restructuring charges, non-cash portion                               1,030                           541
  Write-down of investment in non-consolidated company                                1,100
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions:
   Accounts receivable                                                               21,396        (23,677)         9,074
   Inventories                                                                         (498)        (5,712)        (4,252)
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                            389          1,179           (813)
   Accounts payable                                                                 (10,677)         5,016           (245)
   Income taxes payable                                                                (991)         7,052        (13,608)
   Accrued expenses, compensation and benefits                                      (10,175)        (8,981)        (8,054)
   Deferred revenues                                                                   (422)         1,955           (431)
                                                                                 ----------------------------------------
  NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                           8,686         12,110          7,593
                                                                                 ----------------------------------------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
 Purchases of property and equipment                                                (15,522)        (7,401)       (22,588)
 Payments for other long-term assets                                                   (358)          (380)        (3,005)
 Proceeds from disposal of equipment                                                                                1,325
 Proceeds from sales of businesses                                                    4,359
 Investments in non-consolidated companies                                                          (2,100)
 Payments for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired                            (5,439)        (1,990)
 Payments on note issued in connection with acquisition                                                            (8,000)
 Purchases of marketable securities                                                 (38,762)       (31,861)       (38,927)
 Proceeds from sales of marketable securities                                        27,803         42,001         61,084
                                                                                 ----------------------------------------
  NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                             (27,919)        (1,731)       (10,111)
                                                                                 ----------------------------------------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
 Payments of long-term debt                                                                                          (712)
 Purchase of common stock for treasury                                               (5,054)          (460)       (19,718)
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock                                               6,224         10,532          4,449
                                                                                 ----------------------------------------
  NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                 1,170         10,072        (15,981)
                                                                                 ----------------------------------------
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                        (1,199)        (1,648)         1,667
                                                                                 ----------------------------------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                (19,262)        18,803        (16,832)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                       64,875         46,072         62,904
                                                                                 ----------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                            $45,613        $64,875        $46,072
                                                                                 ========================================

</TABLE>

The  accompanying  notes  are an  integral  part of the  consolidated  financial
statements.

                                       38
<PAGE>

                              AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

A.    ORGANIZATION AND OPERATIONS

Avid Technology,  Inc. ("Avid" or the "Company")  develops,  markets,  sells and
supports a wide range of software  and systems  for  digital  media  production,
management and distribution.  Digital media are media elements, whether video or
audio or graphics,  in which the image,  sound or picture is recorded and stored
as digital values, as opposed to analog, or tape-based,  signals.  The Company's
products are used worldwide in production and post-production  facilities,  film
studios,   network  affiliates,   independent  and  cable  television  stations,
recording   studios,   advertising   agencies,    government   and   educational
institutions, corporate communication departments and by Internet professionals.
Projects  produced  using the Company's  products  involve  motion  pictures and
prime-time television, music, video and recording artists.

B.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

A summary of the Company's significant accounting policies follows:

Basis of Presentation

The consolidated  financial  statements  include the accounts of the Company and
its wholly owned subsidiaries.  Intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated.  Certain amounts in the prior years' financial  statements have been
reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.

The Company's  preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles   generally  accepted  in  the  United  States  of  America  requires
management to make estimates and assumptions  that affect the reported amount of
assets and  liabilities  and disclosure of contingent  assets and liabilities at
the dates of the financial  statements and the reported  amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reported periods.  The most significant  estimates reflected
in these financial  statements include accounts receivable and sales allowances,
inventory  valuation and income tax valuation  allowances.  Actual results could
differ from those estimates.

Translation of Foreign Currencies

The functional  currency of each of the Company's  foreign  subsidiaries  is the
local  currency,  except for the Irish  manufacturing  branch  whose  functional
currency is the U.S.  dollar.  The assets and  liabilities  of the  subsidiaries
whose  functional  currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into
U.S.  dollars at the current  exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date.
Income and expense items are translated  using the average exchange rate for the
period.  Cumulative  translation  adjustments are included in accumulated  other
comprehensive  income  (loss),  which is  reflected  as a separate  component of
stockholders'  equity.  Foreign currency  transaction and translation  gains and
losses are included in results of operations.

The Company  enters into  foreign  currency  forward-exchange  contracts,  which
typically  mature  within one month,  to hedge the exposure to foreign  currency
fluctuations of expected  intercompany and third-party  receivables and payables
as well as  foreign-currency  cash balances.  Gains and losses realized from the
forward   contracts  upon  maturity  are  recorded  in  results  of  operations,
offsetting  transaction and  translation  gains and losses on the related assets
and liabilities.  Prior to contract maturity, the Company records on the balance
sheet at each reporting period the fair value of its forward-exchange  contracts
and  records any fair value  adjustments  in results of  operations,  due to the
immateriality  of the  adjustments  that result  from the short  period that the
contracts are then  outstanding.  The cash flows related to the gains and losses
of foreign currency forward-exchange  contracts are classified in the statements
of cash flows as part of the cash flows from operations.

The market risk  exposure  from  forward  contracts  is assessed in light of the
underlying  currency  exposures  and is  mitigated  by  the  short  term  of the
Company's contracts. Credit risk from forward contracts is minimized through the
placement of contracts with multiple financial institutions. (See Note O).

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash  equivalents   consist   primarily  of  government  and  government  agency
obligations.  The  Company  considers  all debt  instruments  purchased  with an
original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

                                       39
<PAGE>

Marketable Securities

Marketable  securities  consist of government and government agency  obligations
and  corporate  equity   securities.   The  Company  classifies  its  marketable
securities  as  "available  for  sale"  and  reports  them at fair  value,  with
unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported as an adjustment
to other comprehensive income (loss), which is reflected as a separate component
of stockholders' equity. The Company generally invests in securities that mature
within one year from the date of purchase.

Inventories

Inventories,  principally purchased components,  are stated at the lower of cost
(determined on a first-in,  first-out  basis) or market value.  Inventory in the
digital media market,  including  the Company's  inventory,  is subject to rapid
technological  change  or  obsolescence;   therefore,  utilization  of  existing
inventory may differ from the Company's estimates.

Property and Equipment

Property  and  equipment  is  recorded  at  cost  and   depreciated   using  the
straight-line  method over the  estimated  useful  life of the asset.  Leasehold
improvements  are  amortized  over  the  shorter  of  the  useful  life  of  the
improvement or the remaining term of the lease. Expenditures for maintenance and
repairs are  expensed as  incurred.  Upon  retirement  or other  disposition  of
assets,  the cost and related  accumulated  depreciation are eliminated from the
accounts and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in results of operations. A
significant   portion  of  the  property  and  equipment  is  subject  to  rapid
technological  obsolescence;  as a result,  the  depreciation  and  amortization
periods could ultimately shorten to reflect the change in future technology.

Acquisition-related Intangible Assets

Acquisition-related  intangible assets result from the Company's acquisitions of
Softimage, TMF, Pluto and iNews (see Note F), which were accounted for under the
purchase  method,  and consist of the values of identifiable  intangible  assets
including completed technology,  work force and trade name, as well as goodwill.
Goodwill is the amount by which the cost of  acquired  net assets  exceeded  the
fair  values of those net  assets on the date of  purchase.  Acquisition-related
intangible  assets  are  reported  at  cost,  net of  accumulated  amortization.
Identifiable intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their
estimated  useful  lives  of two to  four  years.  Goodwill  is  amortized  on a
straight-line basis over three years.

Long-Lived Assets

The  Company   periodically   evaluates  the   existence  of  long-lived   asset
impairments.  Recoverability  of long-lived assets is assessed at each reporting
period by comparing  the carrying  value to  undiscounted  expected  cash flows,
considering a number of factors  including past operating  results,  budgets and
economic projections, market trends and product development cycles.

Purchase Consideration

In  conjunction  with the  acquisition  of Softimage in 1998, the Company issued
stock options to retained  employees.  As agreed with the seller, the value of a
subordinated  note payable to the seller was  increased by $39.71 for each share
underlying  options that became forfeited by employees (see Note F). At the date
of acquisition,  the Company recorded these options as purchase consideration on
the balance sheet at a value of $68.2  million.  As these options became vested,
additional paid-in capital was increased or, alternatively,  as the options were
forfeited,  the  note  payable  to  the  seller  was  increased,  with  purchase
consideration  being  reduced by a  corresponding  amount in either case.  As of
December 31, 2001,  all stock  options  issued to retained  employees had either
vested or had been forfeited, reducing the purchase consideration to zero.

Revenue Recognition

The Company  recognizes  revenue  from sales of  software or products  including
proprietary  software  generally  upon  receipt  of a signed  purchase  order or
contract  and  product  shipment to  distributors  or end users,  provided  that
collection  is reasonably  assured,  the fee is fixed or  determinable,  and all
other revenue recognition criteria of SOP 97-2, "Software Revenue  Recognition,"
as  amended,  are  met.  The  Company's  products  do  not  require  significant
production,  modification  or  customization  of software.  Installation  of the
products  is  generally  routine,  requires  insignificant  effort  and  is  not

                                       40
<PAGE>

typically  performed  by  the  Company.  However,  certain  transactions,  those
typically  involving  orders from end-users of a significant  number of products
for a single customer site, may require that Avid perform an installation effort
that  is  deemed  by  the  Company  to be  non-routine  and  complex.  In  these
situations,  the Company  does not  recognize  revenue  from either the products
shipped or the  installation  services until the  installation  is complete.  In
addition, if such orders include a customer acceptance provision,  no revenue is
recognized until the customer's acceptance of the products and services has been
received or the acceptance period has lapsed.

The Company  recognizes  revenue from  maintenance  contracts on a ratable basis
over their term,  typically twelve months, and recognizes revenue from training,
installation  or other  services as the services are  performed.  Revenues  from
services  were not  material  in  relation  to total  revenues  for all  periods
presented.

The  Company  uses the  residual  method  to  recognize  revenues  when an order
includes  one or more  elements to be delivered at a future date and evidence of
the fair value of all undelivered  elements  exists.  Under the residual method,
the fair value of the undelivered elements is deferred and the remaining portion
of the arrangement fee is recognized as revenues.  If evidence of the fair value
of one or more  undelivered  elements does not exist,  revenues are deferred and
recognized  when  delivery  of those  elements  occurs or when fair value can be
established.  Fair value is based on the price  charged when the same element is
sold separately to customers.

In connection with many of the Company's sales transactions, customers typically
purchase a one-year  maintenance and support  agreement.  The Company defers the
fair value of such  maintenance  agreements and  recognizes the related  revenue
ratably  over  the  term  of the  agreement.  Additionally,  telephone  support,
enhancements  and unspecified  upgrades are typically  provided at no additional
charge during the product's initial warranty period, generally between three and
twelve  months.  The  Company  defers  the fair value of the free  warranty  and
recognizes the related revenue  ratably over the initial  warranty  period.  The
Company  also  from time to time  offers  certain  customers  free  upgrades  or
specified future products or  enhancements.  For each of these elements that are
undelivered at the time of product  shipment,  the Company defers the fair value
of the specified  upgrade,  product or enhancement  and recognizes  that revenue
only upon later delivery or at the time at which the remaining contractual terms
relating to the upgrade have been satisfied.

Most of our resellers and distributors are not granted rights to return products
to  us  after  purchase,   and  actual  product  returns  from  them  have  been
insignificant  to date.  However,  the  Company's  revenue  from  sales of Audio
products is generally derived from transactions with distributors and authorized
resellers  that  typically  allow  limited  rights of  return,  inventory  stock
rotation  and price  protection.  Accordingly,  reserves  for  estimated  future
returns,  exchanges  and  credits for price  protection  are  provided,  through
reductions  to  revenue,   upon  shipment  of  the  related   products  to  such
distributors  and  resellers,  based upon the Company's  historical  experience.
Actual returns have not differed materially from management's estimates.

The Company from time to time offers rebates on purchases of certain products or
rebates  based on  purchasing  volume,  which are  accounted  for as  offsets to
revenue upon shipment of related products or expected  achievement of purchasing
volumes.

Accounts receivable allowances include an allowance for bad debts as well as the
sales allowances referred to above for expected future product returns,  rebates
and credits.

The Company  records as revenue all amounts billed to customers for shipping and
handling  cost and records its actual  shipping  costs as a component of cost of
revenues.

Research and Development Costs

Research and  development  costs are  expensed as incurred,  except for costs of
internally   developed  or  externally   purchased  software  that  qualify  for
capitalization.  Capitalized  costs are amortized upon general release using the
straight-line  method over the expected life of the related products,  generally
12 to 24 months. The straight-line method generally results in approximately the
same amount of expense as that  calculated  using the ratio that current  period
gross product revenues bear to total  anticipated  gross product  revenues.  The
Company evaluates the net realizable value of capitalized software on an ongoing
basis, relying on a number of business and economic factors.

The  Company  follows  the  guidance  of EITF 00-02 to account  for its  website
development   costs.   To  date,   website   development   costs   eligible  for
capitalization have not been material.

                                       41
<PAGE>

Computation of Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share

Net income  (loss) per common  share is  presented  for both basic  earnings per
share ("Basic EPS") and diluted earnings per share ("Diluted EPS"). Basic EPS is
based upon the weighted average number of common shares  outstanding  during the
period excluding  unvested  restricted  stock held by employees.  Diluted EPS is
based upon the weighted  average  number of common and  potential  common shares
outstanding  during the  period.  Potential  common  shares are  included in the
Diluted EPS  calculation  when the effect of their  inclusion would be dilutive.
Potential  common shares result from the assumed  exercise of outstanding  stock
options and warrants as well as unvested  restricted stock shares,  the proceeds
of which are then  assumed to have been used to  repurchase  outstanding  common
stock using the treasury stock method.

Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Comprehensive   income   (loss)   consists  of  net  income   (loss)  and  other
comprehensive   income  (loss),  which  includes  foreign  currency  translation
adjustments  and  unrealized  gains and losses on certain  investments.  For the
purposes of comprehensive income (loss) disclosures, the Company does not record
tax  provisions  or  benefits  for  the  net  changes  in the  foreign  currency
translation   adjustment,   as  the  Company  intends  to  permanently  reinvest
undistributed earnings in its foreign subsidiaries.

Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation

The Company  accounts for  stock-based  awards to employees  using the intrinsic
value method as prescribed by Accounting  Principles  Board ("APB")  Opinion No.
25,  "Accounting  for Stock Issued to Employees,"  and related  interpretations.
Accordingly, no compensation expense is recorded for options issued to employees
in fixed  amounts  and with  fixed  exercise  prices at least  equal to the fair
market  value of the  Company's  common  stock at the  date of  grant.  When the
exercise  price of stock  options  granted  to  employees  is less than the fair
market  value of common  stock at the date of grant,  the Company  records  that
difference  multiplied  by  the  number  of  shares  under  option  as  deferred
compensation,  which is then  amortized  over the vesting period of the options.
Additionally,  deferred compensation is recorded for restricted stock granted to
employees based on the fair market value of the Company's stock at date of grant
and is amortized over the period in which the  restrictions  lapse.  The Company
reverses  deferred  compensation  associated  with options  issued at below fair
market value as well as restricted  stock upon the  cancellation of such options
or shares for  terminated  employees.  The Company has adopted the provisions of
SFAS No. 123,  "Accounting for  Stock-Based  Compensation,"  through  disclosure
only. All stock-based  awards to  non-employees  are accounted for at their fair
value in accordance with SFAS No. 123.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

     In November 2001, the Emerging Issues Task Force  ("EITF"),  a committee of
the Financial Accounting  Standards Board ("FASB"),  reached a consensus on EITF
Issue 01-9,  "Accounting  for  Consideration  Given by a Vendor to a Customer or
Reseller of the  Vendor's  Products"  ("EITF  01-9").  EITF 01-9  presumes  that
consideration  from a vendor to a customer or reseller of the vendor's  products
is a reduction of the selling  prices of the vendor's  products and,  therefore,
should be  characterized  as a  reduction  of  revenue  when  recognized  in the
vendor's  income  statement  which could lead to negative  revenue under certain
circumstances.  Revenue reduction is required unless consideration  relates to a
separate  identifiable  benefit and the benefit's fair value can be established,
in which case such amounts may be recorded as operating expenses.  In accordance
with its  provisions,  the Company will adopt EITF 01-9 on January 1, 2002.  The
Company sponsors certain cooperative  marketing programs that are required to be
accounted for under EITF 01-9.  Based on a review of these programs,  management
believes that the programs meet the criteria for  accounting for such amounts as
operating  expenses,  consistent  with the Company's  existing  policy and, as a
result,  does not anticipate that the adoption of EITF 01-9 will have a material
impact on the Company's results from operations.

     In June 2001,  the FASB issued  Statement  of  Accounting  Standard No. 142
("SFAS 142"),  "Goodwill and Other  Intangible  Assets." SFAS 142 supersedes APB
Opinion No. 17  "Intangible  Assets" and is effective for the Company on January
1, 2002. SFAS 142 addresses how acquired  goodwill and other  intangible  assets
should be accounted  for in financial  statements  subsequent  to their  initial
recognition.  The  provisions  of SFAS  142 (1)  prohibit  the  amortization  of
goodwill and  indefinite-lived  intangible assets, (2) require that goodwill and
indefinite-lived  intangible  assets be tested  annually for impairment  (and in
interim  periods if certain events occur  indicating  that the carrying value of
goodwill and/or indefinite-lived intangible assets may be impaired), (3) require
that  reporting  units be  identified  for the purposes of  assessing  potential
future  impairments of goodwill and (4) remove the forty-year  limitation on the
amortization  period of intangible assets that have finite lives.  Additionally,
SFAS  142  provides  guidance  about  how  to  determine  and  measure  goodwill
impairment  and requires  disclosure  of  information  about  goodwill and other
intangible  assets in the years subsequent to their  acquisition.  We are in the


                                       42
<PAGE>

process of adopting SFAS 142 and we are making the determinations as to what our
reporting  units are and what  amounts of  goodwill,  intangible  assets,  other
assets  and  liabilities  should  be  allocated  to those  reporting  units.  In
connection  with the adoption of SFAS 142, the Company  expects to reclassify to
goodwill $1.1 million of  previously  recorded  acquired work force  included in
total  intangible  assets of $3.5 million at December 31, 2001 and, as a result,
will cease amortizing such amount.

In August 2001, the FASB issued Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards No.
144,  "Accounting  for the  Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived  Assets" ("SFAS
144"). The objectives of SFAS 144 are to address  significant issues relating to
the implementation of FASB Statement No. 121,  "Accounting for the Impairment of
Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed Of" ("SFAS 121"), and
to develop a single accounting model, based on the framework established in SFAS
121, for long-lived  assets to be disposed of by sale,  whether  previously held
and used or newly acquired.  SFAS 144 supersedes SFAS 121;  however,  it retains
the  fundamental  provisions of SFAS 121 for (1) the recognition and measurement
of the  impairment  of  long-lived  assets  to be  held  and  used  and  (2) the
measurement of long-lived  assets to be disposed of by sale. SFAS 144 supersedes
the accounting and reporting  provisions of Accounting  Principles Board No. 30,
"Reporting  the Results of  Operations - Reporting  the Effects of Disposal of a
Segment of a Business,  and  Extraordinary,  Unusual and Infrequently  Occurring
Events and  Transactions"  ("APB 30"), for segments of a business to be disposed
of.  However,  SFAS  144  retains  APB 30's  requirement  that  entities  report
discontinued  operations  separately from continuing operations and extends that
reporting  requirement  to "a  component  of an  entity"  that  either  has been
disposed  of or is  classified  as "held for  sale."  SFAS 144 also  amends  the
guidance  of  Accounting  Research  Bulletin  No.  51,  "Consolidated  Financial
Statements,"  to eliminate  the  exception to  consolidation  for a  temporarily
controlled subsidiary.  SFAS 144 is effective for the Company on January 1, 2002
and, generally, its provisions are to be applied prospectively. The Company does
not  expect  the  application  of SFAS  144 to  have a  material  impact  on the
Company's financial position or results of operations.

C.    MARKETABLE SECURITIES

The cost  (amortized  cost of debt  instruments)  and fair  value of  marketable
securities as of December 31, 2001 and 2000 are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                Gross
                                                              Unrealized        Fair
                                                  Cost          Gains           Value
                                               ----------     ----------     ----------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>           <C>
               2001
               ----
Government and government agency obligations      $27,337            $11        $27,348
                                               ----------     ----------     ----------
                                                  $27,337            $11        $27,348
                                               ==========     ==========     ==========

                2000
                ----
Government and government agency obligations      $16,605            $13        $16,618
Corporate common stock                                             1,713          1,713
                                               ----------     ----------     ----------
                                                  $16,605         $1,726        $18,331
                                               ==========     ==========     ==========
</TABLE>

All federal,  state and municipal obligations held at December 31, 2001 and 2000
mature within one year.  The Company  calculates  realized gains and losses on a
specific identification basis.

Corporate  common stock held at December 31, 2000 consisted of common stock of a
U.S. public company that was received in June 2000 in exchange for the Company's
minority  ownership  interest  in Avid  Sports  LLC.  The  Company  recorded  an
unrealized gain in  stockholders'  equity of $1.7 million during 2000 associated
with that  transaction.  In June 2001,  additional shares of common stock of the
same U.S. public company were received upon settlement of certain claims arising
after the sale. Upon the receipt of such shares, the Company recorded a realized
gain of $1.9 million in other income  (expense) in the statement of  operations.
During  2001,  the  Company  sold all of its  shares  of this  common  stock for
proceeds of $4.0 million and realized an additional  net gain of $2.1 million in
other income (expense).  For the year ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, realized
gains and losses from the sale of marketable securities were immaterial.

                                       43
<PAGE>

D.    INVENTORIES

Inventories consist of the following (in thousands):

                                        December 31,
                             -----------------------------------
                                  2001                2000
                             ---------------     ---------------
      Raw materials                 $13,043             $14,082
      Work in process                 2,553               2,353
      Finished goods                  6,094               4,667
                             ---------------     ---------------
                                    $21,690             $21,102
                             ===============     ===============

E.    PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property and equipment consists of the following (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                    December 31,
                                                       Depreciable        --------------------------------
                                                          Life                2001               2000
                                                    -----------------     --------------     -------------
<S>                                                 <C>                         <C>               <C>
 Computer and video equipment and software          2 to 5 years                $92,573           $87,478
 Office equipment                                   3 years                       6,174             5,856
 Furniture and fixtures                             3 years                       9,289             8,786
 Leasehold improvements                             3 to 10 years                24,544            16,600
                                                                          --------------     -------------
                                                                                132,580           118,720
 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization                                 105,416            92,584
                                                                          --------------     -------------
                                                                                $27,164           $26,136
                                                                          ==============     =============
</TABLE>

Depreciation  and  amortization  expense  related to property and  equipment was
$15.6 million,  $17.4 million and $21.0 million for the years ended December 31,
2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

F.    ACQUISITIONS AND INVESTMENTS

Softimage

On August 3, 1998, the Company acquired from Microsoft Corporation ("Microsoft")
the common stock of  Softimage  and certain  assets  relating to the business of
Softimage.  In connection with the acquisition,  Avid paid $79.0 million in cash
to Microsoft and issued to Microsoft (i) a subordinated note (the "Note") in the
amount of $5.0 million,  due June 2003,  (ii) 2,394,813  shares of common stock,
valued at $64.0  million,  and (iii) a ten-year  warrant to  purchase  1,155,235
shares of common stock at an exercise price of $47.65 per share, valued at $26.2
million. In addition,  Avid agreed to issue to Softimage employees 40,706 shares
of common stock, valued at $1.5 million, as well as stock options with a nominal
exercise  price to purchase up to 1,820,817  shares of common  stock,  valued at
$68.2  million  ("Avid  Options").  Avid also  incurred  fees of $4.0 million in
connection  with the  transaction.  Per terms of the  agreements,  the principal
amount of the Note was to be  increased  by  $39.71  for each  share  underlying
forfeited  Avid  Options.  The value of the Avid  Options  was  recorded  on the
balance sheet as purchase consideration (see Note B).

As a result of the purchase price allocation  $216.0 million was recorded as the
value of intangible  assets including work force,  trade name and goodwill.  The
intangible  assets were amortized  over periods  ranging from two to three years
and, as of December  31,  2001,  were fully  amortized.  At December  31,  2000,
accumulated  amortization  associated with  identifiable  intangible  assets was
approximately  $80.8  million  and  accumulated   amortization  associated  with
goodwill was $97.8 million.

At the date of acquisition,  the Company  recorded the value of the Avid Options
issued to retained employees as purchase  consideration on the balance sheet. As
agreed  with the  seller,  the  value  of the note  payable  to the  seller  was
increased by $39.71 for each share  underlying  options that became forfeited by
employees.  As these  options  became  vested,  additional  paid-in  capital was
increased or, alternatively,  as the options were forfeited, the note payable to
the  seller  was  increased,  with  purchase  consideration  being  reduced by a
corresponding  amount  in  either  case.  Increases  recorded  to the note  were
approximately $0.1 million, $3.2 million, $7.5 million and $5.2 million in 2001,
2000,  1999 and 1998,  respectively.  Increases  recorded to additional  paid-in
capital were approximately $5.5 million,  $14.9 million,  $29.2 million and $2.5
million in 2001, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

                                       44
<PAGE>

iNews, LLC.

In January 1999, Avid and Tektronix,  Inc.  established a 50/50 owned and funded
newsroom computer system joint venture, AvStar Systems LLC ("AvStar"). The joint
venture was  dedicated to providing  the next  generation  of newsroom  computer
systems  products  by  combining  both  companies'   newsroom  computer  systems
technology and certain personnel.  In September 1999, Tektronix  transferred its
interest in AvStar to a third party, The Grass Valley Group,  Inc. The Company's
investment in the joint venture was being  accounted for under the equity method
of  accounting.  The  Company's  initial  contribution  to the joint venture was
approximately $2.0 million,  consisting of $1.5 million of cash and $0.5 million
of fixed  assets  and  inventory.  During the  fourth  quarter  of 1999,  AvStar
distributed  $1.5 million to each joint venture  partner,  which was recorded by
Avid as a return on  investment  during 1999.  The pro rata share of earnings of
the  joint  venture  recorded  by the  Company  during  2001,  2000 and 1999 was
approximately $1.1 million,  $0.9 million and $0, respectively.  Since September
2000, AvStar has been doing business as iNews, LLC ("iNews").

In January 2001,  the Company  acquired The Grass Valley Group's 50% interest in
iNews for approximately $6.0 million in cash. This acquisition was accounted for
under the purchase method of accounting. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities
acquired  that  represented  the  acquired  50%  interest  were  recorded in the
Company's  financial  statements as of the acquisition  date based on their fair
values,  while the assets and liabilities that represented  Avid's investment in
the joint  venture were  recorded as of the  acquisition  date based on the book
values of the joint venture's assets and liabilities without  adjustment.  Since
the  acquisition  date,  operating  results of iNews have been  included  in the
consolidated  operating  results  of the  Company.  The  purchase  price of $6.0
million  was  allocated  to net  tangible  assets  of  $1.7  million,  completed
technologies  of $2.5  million  and  work  force of $1.8  million.  Identifiable
intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over a three-year
period.  The Company recorded  amortization on these intangibles of $1.6 million
in  2001.  The  remaining  balance  of  work  force  of  $1.1  million  will  be
reclassified to goodwill in connection  with the Company's  adoption of SFAS 142
in 2002 and will not be subject to further amortization.

The following  table  presents  unaudited pro forma results as if Avid and iNews
had been  combined as of the  beginning of the period  presented.  The pro forma
data are  presented  for  illustrative  purposes  only  and are not  necessarily
indicative of the combined financial position or results of operations of future
periods or of results that actually  would have occurred had Avid and iNews been
a combined company for the period presented.

                                               Pro Forma Unaudited
                                     (in thousands, except per share amounts)

                                         For the Year Ended December 31,
                                     ----------------------------------------
                                                       2000
                                            ---------------------------

Net revenue                                          $495,666
                                            ===========================

Net loss                                             ($55,001)
                                            ===========================
Net loss per common share
 - basic and diluted                                   ($2.23)
                                            ===========================
Weighted average common shares
 outstanding - basic and diluted                       24,683
                                            ===========================

The Motion Factory and Pluto Technologies

During the second and third  quarters  of 2000,  the Company  acquired  selected
assets and liabilities of two companies,  The Motion Factory,  Inc.  ("TMF") and
Pluto  Technologies  International  Inc.  ("Pluto"),  for cash payments totaling
approximately $2.0 million and guaranteed future bonus payments of $0.3 million.
TMF  specializes  in  applications  for the  creation,  delivery and playback of
interactive,  rich 3D media for  character-driven  games and the web. Pluto is a
provider  of  video  storage  and  networking   solutions  for  broadcast  news,
post-production and other bandwith-intensive  markets. The business combinations
were  accounted for using the purchase  method of accounting.  Accordingly,  the
fair market  values of the  acquired  assets and assumed  liabilities  have been
included in the Company's financial  statements as of the acquisition dates, and
the results of  operations  of TMF and Pluto have been included in the Company's
financial statements thereafter.  The purchase prices, aggregating $2.3 million,
were allocated to net tangible assets of $0.1 million, completed technologies of
$1.2  million  and  acquired  work  force of $1.0  million.  These  identifiable
intangible  assets are being  amortized on a  straight-line  basis through 2004,
resulting in accumulated  amortization  of $1.5 million at December 31, 2001. As
part of the  purchase  agreements,  the Company may be required to make  certain
contingent  cash  payments,  limited in the aggregate up to an additional  $13.5
million,  dependent upon future  revenues and/or gross margin levels of products
acquired  from TMF and Pluto  through  December  2004.  There were no contingent
payments owed or paid as of December 31, 2001.  Any future  contingent  payments

                                       45
<PAGE>

will be  recorded  as  additional  purchase  price,  allocated  to  identifiable
intangible assets or goodwill, as appropriate,  and amortized over the remaining
amortization period of the intangible assets. The Company's pro forma statements
of  operations  prior to the  acquisitions  would  not  differ  materially  from
reported results.

Rocket Network

During the first  quarter  of 2000,  the  Company  acquired  for $2.1  million a
non-controlling  interest in the  unregistered  capital stock of Rocket Network,
Inc.  ("Rocket"),  a provider of Internet  recording  studios which allows audio
professionals  to meet and  collaborate  on the Internet.  This  investment  was
accounted  for  under  the  cost  method.  Additionally,  in  connection  with a
technology  development  services  agreement  with Rocket  Network,  the Company
received warrants to acquire additional shares, of which 50% were exercisable at
date of grant and 50% are  exercisable  upon the  achievement  of certain  joint
development  milestones.  The warrants were deemed by Avid to have an immaterial
value as of date of grant and as of December 31, 2001, and were not recorded. If
the warrants are exercised,  the Company's  ownership interest in Rocket Network
will be less than twenty  percent.  At December 31, 2001,  the carrying value of
this investment was $1.0 million.

G.     INCOME TAXES

Loss  before  income  taxes  and the  components  of the  income  tax  provision
(benefit)  for the years ended  December 31, 2001,  2000 and 1999 are as follows
(in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             2001         2000         1999
                                                          ---------    ---------    ---------
<S>                                                        <C>          <C>         <C>
Profit (loss) before income taxes:
     United States                                         ($25,103)    ($54,810)   ($106,930)
     Foreign                                                (10,244)       3,461       15,751
                                                          ---------    ---------    ---------
     Total loss before income taxes                        ($35,347)    ($51,349)    ($91,179)
                                                          =========    =========    =========

Provisions for (benefit from) income taxes: Current tax
     (benefit) expense:
      Federal                                                  $200                   ($6,183)
      Foreign                                                 2,729       $4,912        2,817
      State                                                     200          148           55
                                                          ---------    ---------    ---------
     Total current tax expense (benefit)                      3,129        5,060       (3,311)


     Deferred tax (benefit) expense:
      Federal                                                                          42,822
      Foreign                                                  (329)         (60)       2,211
      State                                                                             4,647
                                                          ---------    ---------    ---------
     Total deferred tax (benefit) expense                      (329)         (60)      49,680
                                                          ---------    ---------    ---------
     Total income tax provision                              $2,800       $5,000      $46,369
                                                          =========    =========    =========
</TABLE>

Net cash  payments or  (refunds)  for income  taxes in 2001,  2000 and 1999 were
approximately $2.4 million, ($1.3) million and $6.4 million, respectively.

The  cumulative  amount of  undistributed  earnings  of  subsidiaries,  which is
intended to be permanently  reinvested and for which U.S.  income taxes have not
been provided, totaled approximately $11.8 million at December 31, 2001.

Net deferred tax assets are comprised of the following (in thousands):

                                                              December 31,
                                                      -------------------------
                                                         2001           2000
                                                      ----------     ----------
Tax credit and net operating loss carryforwards          $43,278        $34,239
Allowances for bad debts                                   1,295          2,054
Difference in accounting for:
   Revenue                                                 4,504          3,844
   Costs and expenses                                     11,322         11,710
   Inventories                                             2,528          2,139
   Intangible assets                                      66,589         62,180
Foreign related items                                      4,327          1,721
Other                                                     (1,720)        (1,486)
                                                      ----------     ----------
Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance       132,123        116,401
Valuation allowance                                     (131,428)      (115,962)
                                                      ----------     ----------
Net deferred tax assets after valuation allowance           $695           $439
                                                      ==========     ==========

                                       46
<PAGE>

Deferred tax assets  reflect the net tax effects of the tax  credits,  operating
loss  carryforwards  and temporary  differences  between the carrying amounts of
assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for
income tax  purposes.  The  ultimate  realization  of the deferred tax assets is
dependent upon the generation of sufficient future taxable income.

For U.S.  Federal  income tax purposes at December 31, 2001, the Company has tax
credit  carryforwards of approximately $25.7 million,  which will expire between
2004 and 2021,  and a net operating loss  carryforward  of  approximately  $46.3
million,  which will expire in 2019 and 2020. Based on the level of the deferred
tax assets as of December  31,  2001 and the level of  historical  U.S.  taxable
income, management has determined that the uncertainty regarding the realization
of these assets is sufficient to warrant the  establishment  of a full valuation
allowance.  Accordingly,  a valuation allowance of approximately  $125.8 million
has been established against the U.S.-related  deferred tax assets. In the event
that the  related tax  benefit is  realized,  such  benefit  will reduce  future
provisions for income taxes. In addition,  a valuation allowance of $2.0 million
has been  established  for U.S. tax return  carryforwards  resulting  from stock
option compensation deductions. The tax benefit associated with the stock option
compensation deductions will be credited to equity when realized.

For foreign  income tax  purposes at December  31,  2001,  the Company has a net
operating loss carryforward of approximately $29.4 million, which can be carried
forward  indefinitely.  Due to the similar uncertainty regarding the realization
of  this  asset,   the  Company  has   established  a  valuation   allowance  of
approximately $3.6 million which relates to this entire  carryforward amount and
a portion of other foreign  deferred tax assets.  The net deferred tax assets of
$0.7  million  and $0.4  million at December  31,  2001 and 2000,  respectively,
related  to  foreign   deferred  tax  assets   deemed   realizable   in  certain
jurisdictions.

A  reconciliation  of  the  Company's  income  tax  provision  (benefit)  to the
statutory federal tax rate follows:

                                                    2001      2000    1999
                                                   -----     -----   -----
Statutory rate                                      (35%)     (35%)   (35%)

Tax credits                                          (9)       (4)     (3)
Foreign operations                                    9         5
State taxes, net of federal benefit                   1        (3)     (3)
                                                   -----     -----   -----

Effective tax rate before valuation allowance       (34)      (37)    (41)

Change in valuation allowance                        42        47      99
Reduction in required tax liabilities                                  (7)
                                                   -----     -----   -----
Effective tax rate                                    8%       10%     51%
                                                   =====     =====   =====

Consolidated  results of operations include results of manufacturing  operations
in Ireland.  Income  from the sale of  products  manufactured  or  developed  in
Ireland is subject to a 10% Irish tax rate  through the year 2010.  There was no
Irish tax benefit realized in 2001, 2000 and 1999 due to losses recorded for the
Irish manufacturing operations during those years.

                                       47
<PAGE>

H.    LONG-TERM DEBT AND OTHER LIABILITIES

Long-term debt and other liabilities consist of the following (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                 December 31,
                                                     -------------------------------------
                                                          2001                   2000
                                                     --------------         --------------
<S>                                                        <C>                    <C>
 Subordinated note                                         $13,020                $12,874
 Long-term deferred tax liabilities (see Note G)                                      575
                                                     --------------         --------------
                                                           $13,020                $13,449
                                                     ==============         ==============
</TABLE>

Subordinated Note

In connection  with the  acquisition  of  Softimage,  Avid issued a $5.0 million
subordinated note (the "Note") to Microsoft Corporation. The principal amount of
the Note,  including any adjustments relative to Avid stock options forfeited by
Softimage  employees,  plus all unpaid accrued interest is due on June 15, 2003.
The Note bears interest at 9.5% per year,  payable  quarterly.  Through December
31,  2001,  the Note has been  increased  by  approximately  $16.0  million  for
forfeited Avid stock options.  During 1999, the Company made a principal payment
of $8.0 million.  The Company also made cash interest  payments of $1.2 million,
$1.1 million and $0.6  million  during 2001,  2000 and 1999,  respectively.  See
also Note R.

Bank Overdraft Facilities

Two  of  the  Company's  international  subsidiaries  have  unsecured  overdraft
facilities that permit aggregate borrowings of 325,000 euros. No borrowings were
outstanding under these facilities as of December 31, 2001 or 2000.

I.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Lease Commitments

The Company leases its office space and certain  equipment under  non-cancelable
operating   leases.   The  future   minimum   lease   commitments   under  these
non-cancelable leases at December 31, 2001 are as follows (in thousands):

             2002                           $16,929
             2003                            14,120
             2004                            12,441
             2005                            11,500
             2006                            10,979
             Thereafter                      36,049
                                       -------------
             Total                         $102,018
                                       =============

The  total of  future  minimum  rentals  to be  received  by the  Company  under
non-cancelable  subleases  related to the above  leases is $16.3  million.  Such
amounts are not reflected in the schedule of minimum lease payments above.

The Company's two leases for corporate office space in Tewksbury, Massachusetts,
expiring June 2010,  contain renewal  options to extend the respective  terms of
each lease for an  additional  60 months.  The Company  leases office space that
have  termination  options,  which if exercised by the Company would result in a
penalty of approximately $0.5 million in the aggregate. The future minimum lease
commitments above include the Company's  obligations  through the original lease
terms and do not include these penalties.

The Company has a stand by letter of credit at a bank that is used as a security
deposit in connection  with the  Company's  Daly City,  California  office space
lease. In the event of default on this lease  commitment,  the landlord would be
eligible to draw  against  this  letter of credit to a maximum of $5.9  million,
subject to an annual reduction of approximately  $0.8 million but not below $2.0
million. The letter of credit will remain in effect at this level throughout the
remaining  lease period which runs through  September  2009.  As of December 31,
2001, the Company was not in default of this lease.

                                       48
<PAGE>

The accompanying  consolidated  results of operations  reflect rent expense on a
straight-line  basis  over the term of the  leases.  Total  rent  expense  under
operating  leases was  approximately  $13.8  million,  $11.2  million  and $12.3
million for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

Purchase Commitments

As of December 31, 2001,  the Company has entered into  non-cancelable  purchase
commitments for certain inventory components used in its normal operations.  The
purchase  commitments  covered by these  agreements  are generally less than one
year and aggregate approximately $7.6 million.

Transactions with Recourse

The Company,  through a third party,  provides  lease  financing  options to its
customers,  including  distributors.  Under the terms of these leases, which are
generally  three  years,  the Company  remains  liable for any unpaid  principal
balance  upon  default by the  end-user,  but such  liability  is limited in the
aggregate  based on a percentage of initial amounts funded or, in certain cases,
amounts of unpaid balances.  At December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, Avid's maximum
recourse exposure totaled  approximately $21.5 million,  $23.2 million and $22.7
million,  respectively. The Company records revenue from these transactions upon
the shipment of products and maintains a reserve for estimated losses under this
recourse lease program based on historical  default rates.  To date, the Company
has not experienced significant losses under this lease financing program.

The Company also has an  arrangement  whereby it receives cash from the transfer
of certain  trade  receivables  to a third  party.  The Company is liable to the
third party for any amounts not later collected from the customers.  The Company
records a liability for the amount  received  upon transfer of the  receivables,
and such  liability  and the related  receivables  are relieved from the balance
sheet only upon payment by the  customer to the third party.  As of December 31,
2001 and 2000, liabilities of $0.5 million and $0.3 million, respectively,  were
recorded for receivables transferred which had not been paid as of those dates.

Contingencies

On June 7, 1995, Avid filed a patent infringement complaint in the United States
District Court for the District of Massachusetts against Data Translation,  Inc.
(now known as Media  100),  a  Marlboro,  Massachusetts-based  company.  Avid is
seeking  judgment  against  Media 100 that,  among other  things,  Media 100 has
willfully  infringed  Avid's  patent  number  5,045,940,  entitled  "Video/Audio
Transmission System and Method." Avid is also seeking an award of treble damages
together  with  prejudgment  interest  and costs,  Avid's  costs and  reasonable
attorneys'  fees, and an injunction to prohibit  further  infringement  by Media
100. The litigation has been dismissed without prejudice (with leave to refile),
pending a decision by the U.S.  Patent and Trademark  Office on a reissue patent
application based on the issued patent.

On March 11, 1996, Avid was named as a defendant in a patent  infringement  suit
filed in the United States  District Court for the Western  District of Texas by
Combined  Logic  Company,  a California  partnership  located in Beverly  Hills,
California.  On May 16,  1996,  the suit was  transferred  to the United  States
District  Court for the Southern  District of New York on motion by the Company.
The complaint  alleges  infringement  by Avid of U.S.  patent number  4,258,385,
issued in 1981,  and seeks  injunctive  relief,  treble  damages and costs,  and
attorneys' fees. Avid believes that it has meritorious defenses to the complaint
and intends to contest it  vigorously.  However,  an adverse  resolution of this
litigation could have an adverse effect on the Company's  consolidated financial
position  or results of  operations  in the  period in which the  litigation  is
resolved. No costs have been accrued for this possible loss contingency.

In March 1999, Avid and Tektronix,  Inc. were sued by Glen Holly  Entertainment,
Inc., a Tektronix distributor,  claiming that Tektronix's  discontinuance of the
Tektronix  Lightworks  product  line was the result of a  strategic  alliance by
Tektronix and Avid.  Glen Holly raised  antitrust and common law claims  against
the Company and  Tektronix,  and sought lost  future  profits,  treble  damages,
attorneys'  fees,  and  interest.  All of the claims  against  the  Company  and
Tektronix were  dismissed by the lower court.  Glen Holly is appealing the lower
court's  decision.  Avid views the  complaint  and  appeal as without  merit and
intends to defend  itself  vigorously.  However,  an adverse  resolution of this
litigation could have an adverse effect on the Company's  consolidated financial
position  or results of  operations  in the  period in which the  litigation  is
resolved. No costs have been accrued for this possible loss contingency.

                                       49
<PAGE>

Avid  receives  inquiries  from time to time  with  regard  to  possible  patent
infringement claims. If any infringement is determined to exist, the Company may
seek licenses or settlements.  In addition,  as a normal incidence of the nature
of the Company's  business,  various claims,  charges,  and litigation have been
asserted or commenced against the Company arising from or related to contractual
or employee  relations,  intellectual  property  rights or product  performance.
Management does not believe these claims will have a material  adverse effect on
the financial position or results of operations of the Company.

The Company has employment  agreements  with certain of its executive  officers,
which  provide  certain  severance  benefits,  including the payment of up to 12
months of such officer's base salary,  if the Company  terminates such officer's
employment  other than for cause or if the officer  terminates  employment under
certain  limited  circumstances.  During the period from the first to the second
anniversary after a termination,  the Company must pay the officer the amount by
which his or her  monthly  base  salary at the time of  termination  exceeds the
monthly  compensation from any new employer.  In addition,  the Company must pay
the officer his or her target incentive  compensation for the last full calendar
year preceding the year of termination.  Finally,  the Company will  immediately
vest any stock  options  and  shares of  restricted  stock that were due to vest
within twelve months of the officer's date of termination.

The Company also has agreements with certain of its executive officers providing
that,  upon any  termination of employment  without cause or for good reason (as
defined in the agreement)  within two years following a change in control of the
Company,  the officer will receive  severance  benefits of up to such  officer's
base salary plus the greater of (i) two times such  officer's  annual  bonus and
(ii)  two  times  such  officer's  target  bonus  award  for the  year in  which
termination occurred (grossed up to cover any excise tax imposed by Section 4999
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")). In addition, any
unvested  options and  restricted  stock then held by such  officer  will become
immediately vested and exercisable in full.

J.    CAPITAL STOCK

Preferred Stock

The Company has authorized up to one million shares of preferred stock, $.01 par
value per share for  issuance.  Each series of  preferred  stock shall have such
rights,  preferences,  privileges  and  restrictions,  including  voting rights,
dividend  rights,  conversion  rights,  redemption  privileges,  and liquidation
preferences, as shall be determined by the Board of Directors.

Shareholder Rights Plan

In February 1996, the Board of Directors approved a Shareholder Rights Plan. The
rights were distributed in March 1996 as a dividend at the rate of one right for
each share of Common Stock  outstanding.  No value was assigned to these rights.
The  rights  may be  exercised  to  purchase  shares of a new series of $.01 par
value, junior participating preferred stock or to purchase a number of shares of
the Company's  common stock which equals the exercise price of the right,  $115,
divided by one-half of the then-current market price, upon occurrence of certain
events, including the purchase of 20% or more of the Company's common stock by a
person or group of  affiliated  or  associated  persons.  The  rights  expire on
February  28,  2006 and may be redeemed by the Company for $.01 each at any time
prior to the tenth  day  following  a change in  control  and in  certain  other
circumstances.

Common Stock

In 2000, 1999 and 1997, the Company granted shares of restricted common stock to
certain employees under Company stock option and award plans. The grants totaled
260,000  shares,  50,000  shares,  and 347,200  shares,  respectively.  Unvested
restricted  shares may not be sold,  transferred  or assigned and are subject to
forfeiture  in the event that an employee  ceases to be employed by the Company.
The shares under the 1997 award vested (and restrictions lapsed) annually in 20%
increments,  and an additional 20% of the restricted  stock became vested on May
1, 1998 due to the attainment of specific stock performance goals established by
the Board of Directors.  There are no unvested shares outstanding under the 1997
award at December 31,  2001.  The shares under the 1999 and 2000 awards vest 40%
on the first anniversary and 60% on the second anniversary of the awards.  There
are no unvested  shares  outstanding  under the 1999 award at December 31, 2001.
The Company initially  recorded in 1997, 1999 and 2000, as a separate  component
of stockholders'  equity,  deferred  compensation of approximately $9.1 million,
$0.6 million,  and $3.2 million,  respectively,  with respect to this restricted
stock.  During 2000, the Company also completed a Stock Option Exchange  Program
whereby  employees  could  request that  certain  outstanding  stock  options be
exchanged for shares of restricted common stock according to specified  exchange
ratios.  The  Company  granted  118,115  shares of  restricted  common  stock in
exchange  for stock  options to  purchase  431,836  shares of common  stock with
exercise prices ranging from $9.44 to $45.25 per share. The new awards vest (and
restrictions  lapse)  annually over three years from date of grant.  The Company

                                       50
<PAGE>

initially recorded,  as a separate component of stockholders'  equity,  deferred
compensation  of  approximately  $1.4 million  with  respect to this  restricted
stock.  The  deferred  compensation  amounts  for all  restricted  stock  awards
represent the fair value of the Company's  common stock at the date of the award
less par value and are recorded as  compensation  expense  ratably as the shares
vest. For the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999,  approximately  $2.0
million,  $2.2  million,  and  $1.4  million,   respectively,  was  recorded  as
compensation expense under all of these plans.

During 1998,  the Company  announced  that the Board of Directors had authorized
the  repurchase  of up to 3.5  million  shares of the  Company's  common  stock.
Purchases were made in the open market or in privately negotiated  transactions.
During 1998, the Company repurchased  approximately 2.0 million shares of common
stock at a cost of $61.8 million.  During 1999, the Company  repurchased a total
of 1.2 million shares of common stock at a cost of $19.7  million.  During 2001,
the Company repurchased  approximately 232,000 shares at a cost of $4.1 million.
As of  December  31,  2001,  there  were  no  shares  remaining  authorized  for
repurchase.  The Company  has used and plans to continue to use any  repurchased
shares for its employee stock plans.

The Company generally allows employees to satisfy any withholding tax obligation
under  certain  award plans by  tendering to the Company a portion of the common
stock received under the award.  During the years ended December 31, 2001,  2000
and 1999, the Company repurchased 59,245 shares, 35,171 shares and 50,848 shares
of  its  common  stock  for  $0.9  million,   $0.5  million  and  $1.1  million,
respectively, in connection with these transactions.

Warrants

In connection  with the  acquisition  of Softimage  Inc.,  the Company issued to
Microsoft  a ten-year  warrant to  purchase  1,155,235  shares of the  Company's
common stock, valued at $26.2 million. The warrants became exercisable on August
3, 2000, at a price of $47.65 per share, and expire on August 3, 2008.

K.     STOCK PLANS

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

The Company's 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended through February 23,
2000,  authorizes the issuance of a maximum of 1,200,000  shares of common stock
in  semi-annual  offerings  to employees at a price equal to the lower of 85% of
the closing price on the  applicable  offering  commencement  date or 85% of the
closing price on the applicable offering termination date.

Stock Option and Award Plans

The Company has several  stock-based  compensation  plans under which employees,
officers,  directors and  consultants  may be granted stock awards or options to
purchase the  Company's  common stock  generally at the fair market value on the
date of grant.  Certain  plans  allow for  options  to be  granted at below fair
market  value under  certain  circumstances.  Options  become  exercisable  over
various  periods,  typically two to four years for employees and  immediately to
four years for  officers and  directors.  The options have a maximum term of ten
years.  As of December 31, 2001, a maximum of 14,833,000  shares of common stock
have been authorized for issuance under the Company's  stock-based  compensation
plans,  of which  3,974,794  shares remain  available for future grants.  Shares
available  for future  grants at  December  31,  2001 are net of 637,676  shares
issued as grants of restricted stock.

Information  with respect to options  granted under all stock option plans is as
follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   2001                            2000                           1999
                                          --------------------------     --------------------------     --------------------------
                                                         Wtd. Avg.                      Wtd. Avg.                      Wtd. Avg.
                                                           Price                          Price                          Price
                                            Shares       Per Share         Shares       Per Share         Shares       Per Share
                                          ----------   -------------     ----------   -------------     ----------   -------------
<S>                                       <C>                 <C>        <C>                 <C>        <C>                 <C>
Options outstanding at January 1,          7,056,233          $15.01      8,253,557          $15.95      7,401,490          $16.63

Granted, at fair value                     2,334,439          $13.00      2,743,191          $14.09      2,551,790          $14.64
Granted, below fair value                                                   145,000           $7.54
Exercised                                   (544,920)          $7.96     (1,312,985)          $6.31       (481,003)         $12.53
Canceled                                  (1,752,569)         $17.21     (2,772,530)         $20.48     (1,218,720)         $18.34
                                          ----------   -------------     ----------   -------------     ----------   -------------

Options outstanding at December 31,        7,093,183          $14.34      7,056,233          $15.01      8,253,557          $15.95
                                          ==========   =============     ==========   =============     ==========   =============

Options exercisable at December 31,        4,152,591          $14.87      3,445,350          $15.74      3,388,955          $16.80
                                          ==========   =============     ==========   =============     ==========   =============

Options available for future grant at
 December 31,                              3,974,794                      3,364,838                      1,529,362
                                          ==========                     ==========                     ==========
</TABLE>

                                       51
<PAGE>

The following table summarizes  information  about stock options  outstanding at
December 31, 2001:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                       Options Outstanding                                               Options Exercisable
---------------------------------------------------------------------------     ----------------------------------
                                     Weighted-Average
   Range of             Number          Remaining         Weighted-Average         Number        Weighted-Average
 Exercise Prices     Outstanding     Contractual Life      Exercise Price        Exercisable      Exercise Price
-----------------   -------------   ------------------   ------------------     -------------   ------------------
<C>                    <C>                      <C>                  <C>            <C>                    <C>
 $0.01 to $10.44         899,645                8.39                  $5.66           352,460               $2.99
$11.63 to $11.88       1,613,780                7.78                 $11.37         1,437,566              $11.38
$12.00 to $12.80       1,391,038                9.24                 $12.75           242,411              $12.70
$12.81 to $16.44       1,368,603                8.04                 $14.28           794,685              $14.26
$16.50 to $21.44       1,345,231                6.70                 $19.38           907,869              $19.41
$21.81 to $45.25         474,886                6.17                 $29.48           417,600              $29.53
                    -------------                                               -------------

 $0.01 to $45.25       7,093,183                7.88                 $14.34         4,152,591              $14.87
                    =============                                               =============
</TABLE>

Had  compensation  cost for the Company's  stock-based  compensation  plans been
determined based on the fair value at the grant dates for the awards under these
plans  consistent  with the  methodology  prescribed  under  SFAS No.  123,  the
Company's  net loss and loss per share would have been adjusted to the pro forma
amounts indicated below:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          2001                        2000                        1999
                -----------------------     -----------------------     ------------------------
                                Loss                        Loss                        Loss
                 Net Loss     per share      Net Loss     per share      Net Loss     per share
                ----------   ----------     ----------   ----------     ----------   -----------
<S>              <C>            <C>          <C>            <C>         <C>              <C>
 As Reported     ($38,147)      ($1.49)      ($56,349)      ($2.28)     ($137,548)       ($5.75)
                ==========   ==========     ==========   ==========     ==========   ===========


 Pro Forma       ($50,842)      ($1.99)      ($68,372)      ($2.77)     ($154,898)       ($6.48)
                ==========   ==========     ==========   ==========     ==========   ===========
</TABLE>

Under SFAS 123,  the fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of
grant  using  the   Black-Scholes   option  pricing  model  with  the  following
weighted-average assumptions and results:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Stock Options                        Stock Purchase Plan
                                    ------------------------------------     ----------------------------------
                                        2001         2000        1999            2001        2000         1999
                                    ------------------------------------     ----------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>          <C>         <C>             <C>         <C>          <C>
Expected dividend yield                  0.0%         0.0%        0.0%            0.0%        0.0%         0.0%
Risk-free interest rate                  4.3%         6.0%        6.0%            4.3%        6.0%         6.0%
Expected volatility                     77.0%        74.0%       61.8%           77.0%       74.0%        61.8%
Expected-life (in months)               15           15          15               6            6           6
Weighted-average fair value of
   options granted                      $7.16        $7.35       $5.61           $4.89       $4.63        $5.91

</TABLE>

                                       52
<PAGE>

L.    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT AND PROFIT SHARING PLANS

Employee Benefit Plans

The Company has an employee  benefit plan under  section  401(k) of the Internal
Revenue Code covering  substantially all U.S. employees.  The 401(k) plan allows
employees  to  make  contributions  up  to  a  specified   percentage  of  their
compensation.  The Company may, upon resolution by the Board of Directors,  make
discretionary  contributions to the plan. The Company's contribution to the plan
is 50% of up to the first 6% of an employee's salary  contributed to the plan by
the  employee.  The Company's  contributions  to this plan totaled $2.0 million,
$1.6 million and $2.2 million in 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively.

As part of the iNews  acquisition  in 2001,  the  Company  assumed  an  employee
benefit plan under section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Under this plan,
the Company  contribution was 100% of up to the first 4% of an employee's salary
contributed  to the plan by the  employee.  In 2001,  the Company  made  related
contributions of approximately  $0.2 million.  The plan was merged into the Avid
401(k) plan in January 2002.

In  addition,  the Company  has various  retirement  and  post-employment  plans
covering  certain  international  employees.  Certain of the plans  require  the
Company to match employee  contributions up to a specified percentage as defined
by the plans.  The Company  made related  contributions  of  approximately  $1.0
million, $1.5 million and $1.3 million in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

Profit Sharing and Executive Compensation Plans

The Company has profit sharing plans that cover  substantially  all employees of
the  Company  and its  participating  subsidiaries,  other than those  employees
covered by other incentive plans. The plans provide that the Company  contribute
a varying percentage of salary based on the Company's achievement of performance
goals set by management and the Board of Directors for each fiscal year.

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan

The Board of Directors has approved a nonqualified  deferred  compensation  Plan
(the "Deferred Plan"). The Deferred Plan covers senior management and members of
the Board of Directors as approved by the Company's Compensation Committee.  The
plan  provides  for  a  trust  to  which  participants  can  contribute  varying
percentages or amounts of eligible  compensation for deferred  payment.  Payouts
are made upon the earlier of the  election of the  employee  or  termination  of
employment  with the  Company.  The  benefit  payable  under the  Deferred  Plan
represents  an unfunded and unsecured  contractual  obligation of the Company to
pay the value of the deferred  compensation  in the future,  adjusted to reflect
the  trust's  investment  performance.  The assets of the trust,  as well as the
corresponding  obligations,  were approximately $0.9 million and $1.5 million as
of December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively,  and were recorded in other current
assets and accrued compensation and benefits at December 31, 2001 and 2000.

M.    RESTRUCTURING AND OTHER COSTS, NET

In the  fourth  quarter  of  1999,  the  Company  announced  and  implemented  a
restructuring  plan to  strategically  refocus the  Company and bring  operating
expenses  in line  with  net  revenues  with  the  goal of  restoring  long-term
profitability  to the  Company.  The major  elements of the  restructuring  plan
included  the  termination  of certain  employees  and the  vacating  of certain
facilities.  The plan also provided for no further  releases of a limited number
of existing product offerings, including stand-alone Marquee, Avid Cinema, Media
Illusion and  Matador.  In  connection  with this plan,  the Company  recorded a
restructuring  charge of $9.6 million.  The charge included  approximately  $6.6
million for severance and related costs for 209 employees on a worldwide  basis,
$2.4  million for  facility  vacancy  costs and  approximately  $0.6  million of
non-cash charges relating to the disposition of certain fixed assets.

In 2001, the Company  announced and implemented  restructuring  plans to further
decrease  costs through the  consolidation  of  operations  and the reduction of
approximately  194 jobs worldwide.  In connection with these plans,  the Company
recorded a charge to  operating  expenses  of $10.0  million  for the year.  The
restructuring  charge  included  approximately  $7.4 million for  severance  and
related  costs of  terminated  employees  and $2.6 million for facility  vacancy
costs,  of which $1.0  million  represented  non-cash  charges  relating  to the
disposition of leasehold improvements.

                                       53
<PAGE>

The  following  table sets forth the  activity in the  restructuring  accrual in
1999, 2000 and 2001 (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Employee         Facilities        Fixed
                                                Related           Related        Assets        Total
                                           -------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>               <C>            <C>         <C>
Restructuring charge in 1999                       $6,623            $2,443         $541        $9,607
Cash payments made in 1999                         (2,202)             (289)                    (2,491)
                                           -------------------------------------------------------------
Accrual balance at December 31, 1999                4,421             2,154          541         7,116

Cash payments made in 2000                         (3,987)             (761)                    (4,748)
Non-cash disposals                                                                  (515)         (515)
Revisions of estimated liabilities                    (35)               61          (26)
                                           -------------------------------------------------------------
Accrual balance at December 31, 2000                  399             1,454            0         1,853

Restructuring charge in 2001                        7,396             2,625                     10,021
Cash payments made in 2001                         (6,196)             (588)                    (6,784)
Revisions of estimated liabilities                   (128)              128
                                           -------------------------------------------------------------
Accrual balance at December 31, 2001               $1,471            $3,619           $0        $5,090
                                           =============================================================
</TABLE>

The  Company   expects  that  the  majority  of  the   remaining   $1.5  million
employee-related  accrual  balance will be expended  over the next 12 months and
will be funded from  working  capital.  The  majority of the  facilities-related
accrual represents estimated losses on subleases of space vacated as part of the
1999 and 2001 restructuring  actions.  The leases extend through 2010 unless the
Company  is  able  to  negotiate  an  earlier   termination.   Included  in  the
facilities-related  accrual  is $1.0  million  for the  write-off  of  leasehold
improvements  that will be abandoned  upon  vacating the related  properties  in
2002.

In December  1999,  the Company  entered  into an  agreement to sell its Italian
subsidiary to a third party,  which  established  the entity as a distributor of
Avid products.  The sale was completed in the first quarter of 2000. The Company
incurred and recorded a loss of approximately $2.0 million relating to the sale,
including  a reserve of $1.0  million  for the  Company's  guarantee  of the new
entity's line of credit with a bank.  This  guarantee  ended on January 31, 2001
without  requiring any cash payment by Avid.  Accordingly,  in the quarter ended
March 31, 2001, the Company  recorded a credit of $1.0 million  associated  with
the reversal of the reserve,  which was included under the caption restructuring
and other costs, net, where the charge was originally recorded.  In addition, in
the quarter ended June 30, 2001, the Company  received a payment of $0.3 million
under the note received as partial  consideration from the buyers of the Italian
subsidiary.  This  payment was recorded as a credit to  restructuring  and other
costs,  net,  since  the note was fully  reserved  when  received.  There was no
activity  related  to the note in the third and  fourth  quarters  of 2001.  Any
future  payments to be received  under the note will be similarly  accounted for
only when received.

In 1999, in connection  with the  resignation  of two  executive  officers,  the
Company  incurred  and  recorded a charge of $2.9  million  for the  termination
benefits as specified in the employment contracts of the officers.  During 2001,
2000 and 1999,  cash payments of  approximately  $0.8 million,  $1.4 million and
$0.2  million  were made and,  at  December  31,  2001,  there was no  remaining
accrual.  The excess of the  original  charge over actual cash  payments of $0.5
million was recorded as a credit to  restructuring  and other costs,  net during
2001 when determined.

N.    SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Company's organizational structure is based on strategic business units that
offer various products to the principle markets in which the Company's  products
are sold. These business units equate to two reportable segments: Video and Film
Editing and Effects and Professional Audio.

The Video and Film Editing and Effects  segment  produces  non-linear  video and
film editing  systems to improve the  productivity of video and film editors and
broadcasters  by enabling  them to edit moving  pictures  and sound in a faster,
easier, more creative, and more cost-effective manner than by use of traditional
analog tape-based  systems.  The products in this operating segment are designed
to provide  capabilities  for editing and finishing  feature  films,  television
shows,  broadcast news programs,  commercials,  music videos,  and corporate and
home videos.  The Professional  Audio segment produces digital audio systems for
the  professional  audio  market.   This  operating  segment  includes  products
developed to provide audio recording,  editing, signal processing, and automated
mixing.

                                       54
<PAGE>

The accounting  policies of each of the segments are the same as those described
in the  summary  of  significant  accounting  policies.  The  Company  evaluates
performance  based on  profit  and loss from  operations  before  income  taxes,
interest  income,  interest  expenses and other  income,  further  excluding the
effects of nonrecurring charges and amortization of intangible assets associated
with  acquisitions.  Common  costs not  directly  attributable  to a  particular
segment are allocated  among  segments  based on  management's  best  estimates,
including  an  allocation  of  depreciation   expense  without  a  corresponding
allocation of the related assets.  The segments are reported net of eliminations
resulting from  intersegment  sales and  transfers.  The Company does not report
segment  assets  as part of the  assessment  of  segment  performance,  as such,
segment asset information is not available.

The following is a summary of the Company's operations by reportable segment (in
thousands):

                                         For the Year Ended December 31,
                                         --------------------------------
                                           2001        2000        1999
                                         --------    --------   ---------
Video and Film Editing and Effects:
       Net revenues                      $323,286    $353,647    $361,012
                                         ========    ========   =========
       Depreciation                       $14,182     $16,219     $20,017
                                         ========    ========   =========
       Operating loss                    ($10,117)   ($11,671)   ($20,061)
                                         ========    ========   =========
Professional Audio:
       Net revenues                      $111,352    $122,443     $91,543
                                         ========    ========   =========
       Depreciation                        $1,433      $1,174      $1,005
                                         ========    ========   =========
       Operating income                    $8,677     $23,464     $19,771
                                         ========    ========   =========
Combined Segments:
       Net revenues                      $434,638    $476,090    $452,555
                                         ========    ========   =========
       Depreciation                       $15,615     $17,393     $21,022
                                         ========    ========   =========
       Operating income (loss)            ($1,440)    $11,793       ($290)
                                         ========    ========   =========

The following table  reconciles  income (loss) for reportable  segments to total
consolidated  amounts for the years ended  December 31, 2001,  2000 and 1999 (in
thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  2001         2000         1999
                                                               ----------   ----------   ----------
<S>                                                             <C>          <C>          <C>
 Total operating income (loss) for reportable segments           ($1,440)     $11,793        ($290)
 Unallocated amounts:
     Restructuring and other costs, net                           (8,268)                  (14,469)
     Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets       (31,168)     (66,872)     (79,879)
                                                               ----------   ----------   ----------
  Consolidated operating loss                                    ($40,876)    ($55,079)    ($94,638)
                                                               ==========   ==========   ==========
</TABLE>

The following  table  summarizes the Company's  revenues and long-lived  assets,
excluding intangible assets and deferred tax assets, by country (in thousands):

                                             For the Year Ended December 31,
                                          ------------------------------------
                                             2001         2000         1999
                                          ----------   ----------   ----------
 Revenues
  North America (U.S. and Canada)          $227,824     $232,664     $220,405
  Germany                                    31,902       38,347       46,454
  Other countries                           174,912      205,079      185,696
                                          ----------   ----------   ----------
 Total revenues                            $434,638     $476,090     $452,555
                                          ==========   ==========   ==========

                                                 December 31,
                                          -----------------------
                                             2001         2000
                                          ----------   ----------
 Long-lived assets
  North America (U.S. and Canada)           $26,094      $28,026
  Other countries                             2,732        2,035
                                          ----------   ----------
 Total long-lived assets                    $28,826      $30,061
                                          ==========   ==========

Foreign revenue is based on the country in which the sales originate.

                                       55
<PAGE>

O.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of
credit risk consist of temporary cash  investments  and trade  receivables.  The
Company places its excess cash in marketable investment grade securities.  There
are no  significant  concentrations  in any one issuer of debt  securities.  The
Company  places  its cash,  cash  equivalents  and  investments  with  financial
institutions  with high  credit  standing.  Concentrations  of credit  risk with
respect to trade  receivables  are limited due to the large  number of customers
comprising the Company's  customer base, and their  dispersion  across different
regions.  The Company also  maintains  reserves for potential  credit losses and
such losses have been within management's expectations.

Forward-Exchange Contracts

As of December 31, 2001 and 2000,  the Company had  approximately  $37.1 million
and $34.5 million,  respectively, of foreign currency forward-exchange contracts
outstanding,  denominated  in euros,  British  pounds,  Japanese  yen,  Canadian
dollars  and  Australian  dollars,  as a  hedge  against  its  intercompany  and
third-party  receivables and payables exposures.  The following table summarizes
the Company's net currency positions and approximate U.S. dollar equivalents (in
thousands) at December 31, 2001.  The Company is in a sell position with respect
to the euro,  Japanese yen and Australian dollar, and in a net buy position with
respect to the British pound and Canadian dollar:

                                                            Approximate
                          Local Currency Amount        U.S. Dollar Equivalent
                         -----------------------     -------------------------
    euro                          15,200                              $13,323
    Canadian dollar               24,700                               15,517
    Japanese yen                 980,000                                7,469
    British pound                    370                                  536
    Australian dollar                450                                  229
                                                                  ------------
                                                                      $37,074
                                                                  ============

The  forward-exchange  contracts  generally  have  maturities of one month.  Net
realized and unrealized  gains (losses) of  approximately  $1.8 million,  ($0.9)
million and $3.0 million resulting from forward-exchange contracts were included
in results of operations for the years ended  December 31, 2001,  2000 and 1999,
respectively.

P.     NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE

Diluted net loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999
excludes  the  weighted-average  effect of  dilutive  options  and  warrants  to
purchase  1,054,384,  1,415,966,  and 2,031,990  weighted shares of common stock
outstanding  as of the  respective  year-ends.  Inclusion  of these  options and
warrants would be anti-dilutive for each of the reported periods.

Q.    SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION

The following table reflects supplemental cash flow investing activities related
to the acquitions of iNews in 2001 and of TMF and Pluto in 2000.

                                          Year Ended            Year Ended
                                      December 31, 2001      December 31, 2000
                                     -------------------    -------------------
Fair value of:
 Assets acquired and goodwill                    $10,734                 $2,802
 Liabilities assumed                              (4,734)                  (812)
                                     -------------------    -------------------
Cash paid                                          6,000                  1,990
Less: cash acquired                                 (561)                     -
                                     -------------------    -------------------
Net cash paid for acquisition                     $5,439                 $1,990
                                     ===================    ===================

                                       56
<PAGE>

R.    SUBSEQUENT EVENT

On February 6, 2002, the Company made a payment of  approximately  $13.0 million
in full satisfaction of the Company's outstanding note to Microsoft.

S.         QUARTERLY RESULTS (UNAUDITED)

The following information has been derived from unaudited consolidated financial
statements  that,  in the opinion of  management,  include all normal  recurring
adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of such information.

In thousands, except per share data:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                           Quarters Ended
                                       ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         2001                                               2000
                                       --------------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------------
                                        Dec. 31    Sept. 30     June 30     Mar. 31     Dec. 31    Sept. 30     June 30     Mar. 31
                                       --------------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Net revenues                           $104,790    $102,281    $109,434    $118,133    $126,144    $121,292    $119,959    $108,696
Cost of revenues                         53,099      50,444      53,516      56,513      62,929      60,303      57,934      53,258
                                       --------------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------------
 Gross profit                            51,691      51,837      55,918      61,620      63,215      60,989      62,025      55,438
                                       --------------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------------
Operating expenses:
 Research & development                  21,355      19,630      21,882      23,273      21,740      20,890      20,825      19,445
 Marketing & selling                     24,173      27,614      31,520      29,746      29,560      29,989      31,382      28,539
 General & administrative                 5,615       5,299       5,432       6,967       6,421       6,070       8,101       6,912
 Restructuring and other costs, net        (281)      8,303        (118)        364
 Amortization of acquisition-related
  intangible assets                         528       5,088      13,132      12,420      12,418      14,862      19,792      19,800
                                       ---------------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------------
  Total operating expenses               51,390      65,934      71,848      72,770      70,139      71,811      80,100      74,696
                                       ---------------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------------
Operating income (loss)                     301     (14,097)    (15,930)    (11,150)     (6,924)    (10,822)    (18,075)    (19,258)
Other income (expense), net               1,533         605       1,895       1,496         604         849       1,233       1,044
                                       ---------------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before income taxes         1,834     (13,492)    (14,035)     (9,654)     (6,320)     (9,973)    (16,842)    (18,214)
Provision for income taxes                  500         700         800         800       1,250       1,250       1,250       1,250
                                       ---------------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                        $1,334    ($14,192)   ($14,835)   ($10,454)    ($7,570)   ($11,223)   ($18,092)   ($19,464)
                                       =============================================   =============================================
Net income (loss) per
 share - basic and diluted                $0.05      ($0.55)     ($0.58)     ($0.41)     ($0.30)     ($0.45)     ($0.74)     ($0.81)
                                       =============================================   =============================================
Weighted average common
 shares outstanding - basic              25,895      25,745      25,440      25,348      25,018      24,794      24,578      24,065
                                       =============================================   =============================================
Weighted average common
 shares outstanding - diluted            26,451      25,745      25,440      25,348      25,018      24,794      24,578      24,065
                                       =============================================   =============================================

High common stock price                 $12.890     $15.700     $17.420     $21.813     $21.000     $15.438     $20.563     $24.500
Low common stock price                   $6.550      $6.650     $11.500     $12.500     $13.359     $10.063      $9.375     $11.438
</TABLE>

The Company's  quarterly  operating results fluctuate as a result of a number of
factors including,  without limitation, the timing of new product introductions,
marketing  expenditures,  promotional programs,  and periodic discounting due to
competitive factors. The Company's operating results may fluctuate in the future
as a result of these and other  factors,  including  the  Company's  success  in
developing and introducing  new products,  its products and customer mix and the
level  of  competition  which  it  experiences.  The  Company  operates  with  a
relatively  small  backlog.  Quarterly  sales and  operating  results  therefore
generally depend on the volume and timing of orders received during the quarter.
The  Company's  expense  levels  are  based in part on its  forecasts  of future
revenues.  If revenues are below  expectations,  the Company's operating results
may be  adversely  affected.  Accordingly,  there can be no  assurance  that the
Company will be profitable in any particular quarter.

                                       57
<PAGE>

ITEM 9.     CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
            FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None

                                       58
<PAGE>

                                    PART III


ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The  response to this item is  contained  in part under the  caption  "EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY" in Part I hereof, and the remainder is contained in the
Company's  Proxy  Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on
May 22,  2002 (the "2002  Proxy  Statement")  under the  captions  "Election  of
Directors" and "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting  Compliance" and is
incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The  response to this item is contained in the  Company's  2002 Proxy  Statement
under the  captions  "Election  of  Directors  -  Directors'  Compensation"  and
"Executive Compensation" and is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The  response to this item is contained in the  Company's  2002 Proxy  Statement
under  the  caption  "Security   Ownership  of  Certain  Beneficial  Owners  and
Management" and is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

None.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14.    EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a) 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following consolidated financial statements are included in Item 8:
     -    Report of Independent Accountants
     -    Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31,
          2001, 2000, and 1999
     -    Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2001 and 2000
     -    Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended
          December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
     -    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
          2001, 2000 and 1999
     -    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(a) 2.  FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

The  following  consolidated  financial  statement  schedule is included in Item
14(d):

    Schedule II  -  Supplemental Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

Schedules  other than that listed  above have been  omitted  since the  required
information  is not  present,  or not present in amounts  sufficient  to require
submission of the schedule,  or because the information  required is included in
the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto.

                                       59
<PAGE>

(a) 3.  LISTING OF EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT NO.                          DESCRIPTION
-----------                          -----------

     2.1  Stock  and  Asset  Purchase  Agreement  among  Microsoft  Corporation,
          Softimage  Inc. and Avid  Technology,  Inc.  dated as of June 15, 1998
          together with all material exhibits thereto (incorporated by reference
          to the  Registrant's  Quarterly  Report a Form 10-Q as filed  with the
          Commission on August 12, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

     3.1  Certificate of Amendment of the Third Amended and Restated Certificate
          of Incorporation  of the Registrant  (incorporated by reference to the
          Registrant's   Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  as  filed  with  the
          Commission on May 15, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

     3.2  Third  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  the
          Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Registration
          Statement  on Form S-8 as filed with the  Commission  on June 9, 1993,
          File No. 33-64126).

     3.3  Amended  and  Restated  By-Laws  of the  Registrant  (incorporated  by
          reference to the  Registrant's  Registration  Statement on Form S-1 as
          declared  effective  by the  Commission  on March 11,  1993,  File No.
          33-57796).

     3.4  Certificate of Designations establishing Series A Junior Participating
          Preferred Stock (the "Certificate of  Designations")  (incorporated by
          reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with
          the Commission on March 8, 1996).

     3.5  Certificate  of  Correction  to  the   Certificate   of   Designations
          (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's  Current Report on Form
          8-K as filed with the Commission on March 8, 1996).

     4.1  Specimen  Certificate   representing  the  Registrant's  Common  Stock
          (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's  Registration Statement
          on Form S-1 as declared effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993,
          File No. 33-57796).

     4.2  Rights  Agreement,   dated  as  of  February  29,  1996,  between  the
          Registrant  and The First  National  Bank of Boston,  as Rights  Agent
          (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's  Current Report on Form
          8-K as filed with the Commission on March 8, 1996, File No. 0-21174).

     4.3  Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated August 3, 1998 by and between Avid
          Technology,  Inc. and Microsoft Corporation (incorporated by reference
          to the  Registrant's  Quarterly  Report a Form 10-Q as filed  with the
          Commission on November 13, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

    10.1  Lease dated September 29, 1995 between Allied Dunbar Insurance PLC and
          Avid Technology Limited (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's
          Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on November
          14, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

    10.3  Lease between MGI Andover Street, Inc. and Avid Technology, Inc. dated
          March  21,  1995   (incorporated  by  reference  to  the  Registrant's
          Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on May 15,
          1995, File No. 0-21174).

    10.4  Amended and  Restated  lease dated as of June 7, 1996  between MGI One
          Park West, Inc. and Avid Technology,  Inc.  (incorporated by reference
          to the  Registrant's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the
          Commission on August 14, 1996, File No. 0-21174).

    10.15 Form of  Distribution  Agreement  (incorporated  by  reference  to the
          Registrant's  Registration Statement on Form S-1 as declared effective
          by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

                                       60
<PAGE>

    10.16 Form of Purchase and License  Agreement  (incorporated by reference to
          the  Registrant's  Registration  Statement  on  Form  S-1 as  declared
          effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

    10.17 Form of Software Only License Agreement  (incorporated by reference to
          the  Registrant's  Registration  Statement  on  Form  S-1 as  declared
          effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

   #10.18 1989  Stock   Option  Plan   (incorporated   by  reference  to  the
          Registrant's  Registration Statement on Form S-1 as declared effective
          by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

   #10.19 1993  Stock  Incentive  Plan  (incorporated  by  reference  to  the
          Registrant's  Registration Statement on Form S-1 as declared effective
          by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

   #10.20 1993  Director  Stock  Option  Plan,  as  amended  (incorporated  by
          reference  to the  Registrant's  Proxy  Statement  as  filed  with the
          Commission on April 27, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

   #10.21 1993 Executive Compensation Agreement  (incorporated by reference to
          the  Registrant's  Registration  Statement  on  Form  S-1 as  declared
          effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

   #10.22 1993 Employee Stock Purchase Plan  (incorporated by reference to the
          Registrant's  Registration  Statement  on Form S-8 as  filed  with the
          Commission on June 9, 1993, File No. 33-64130).

   #10.23 1994 Stock Option Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to the
          Registrant's  Registration  Statement  on Form S-8 as  filed  with the
          Commission on October 27, 1995, File No. 33-98692).

   #10.25 1995  Executive  Variable  Compensation  Program  (incorporated  by
          reference to the  Registrant's  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed
          with the Commission on May 15, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

   #10.26 1998  Executive and Senior  Management  Variable  Compensation  Plan
          (incorporated by reference to the  Registrant's  Annual Report on Form
          10-K as  filed  with  the  Commission  on  March  27,  1998,  File No.
          0-21174).

   #10.27  1997  Stock   Option  Plan   (incorporated   by  reference  to  the
          Registrant's  Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the  Commission
          on March 27, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

   #10.28 1996  Employee  Stock  Purchase  Plan, as amended  (incorporated  by
          reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with
          the Commission on March 27, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

   #10.29 1998  Non-Qualified  Deferred  Compensation  Plan  (incorporated  by
          reference to the  Registrant's  Registration  Statement on Form S-8 as
          filed with the Commission on December 18, 1997, File No. 33-42569).

   #10.30 1998  Profit  Sharing  Plan   (incorporated  by  reference  to  the
          Registrant's  Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the  Commission
          on March 27, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

   #10.33 Employment  Agreement  between the Company and William L.  Flaherty
          (incorporated by reference to the  Registrant's  Annual Report on Form
          10-K as  filed  with  the  Commission  on  March  27,  1998,  File No.
          0-21174).

   #10.34 Change-in-Control  Agreement  between  the  Company  and William L.
          Flaherty  (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report
          on Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on March 27, 1998,  File No.
          0-21174).

   #10.36 1999  Profit  Sharing  Plan   (incorporated  by  reference  to  the
          Registrant's  Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the  Commission
          on March 30, 1999, File No. 0-21174).

   #10.37 1999  Executive and Senior  Management  Variable  Compensation  Plan
          (incorporated by reference to the  Registrant's  Annual Report on Form
          10-K as  filed  with  the  Commission  on  March  30,  1999,  File No.
          0-21174).

                                       61
<PAGE>

    10.38 Registration  Rights  Agreement  dated  August 3, 1998 by and  between
          Avid  Technology,  Inc. and  Microsoft  Corporation  (incorporated  by
          reference to the  Registrant's  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed
          with the Commission on November 13, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

    10.39 Form  of  Electronic  Software  License  Agreement   (incorporated  by
          reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with
          the Commission on March 30, 1999, File No. 0-21174).

   #10.40 Form of  Employment  Agreements  between  the  Company  and  certain
          Executive  Officers  (incorporated  by reference  to the  Registrant's
          Annual  Report on Form 10-K as filed with the  Commission on March 30,
          1999, File No. 0-21174).

   #10.41 Form of Change-in-Control  Agreement between the Company and certain
          Executive  Officers  (incorporated  by reference  to the  Registrant's
          Annual  Report on Form 10-K as filed with the  Commission on March 30,
          1999, File No. 0-21174).

   #10.44 1999  Stock   Option  Plan   (incorporated   by  reference  to  the
          Registrant's  Registration  Statement  on Form S-8 as  filed  with the
          Commission on January 6, 2000, 1999, File No. 33-94167).

   *21    Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

   *23.1  Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.


------------------
*documents filed herewith
#Management contract or compensatory plan identified pursuant to Item 14 (a) 3.

                                       62
<PAGE>


(b)     REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

For the fiscal  quarter  ended  December 31, 2001,  the Company filed no Current
Reports on Form 8-K.

                                       63
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.
(Registrant)

By: /s/ David Krall       By: /s/ Paul J. Milbury      By: /s/ Carol L. Reid
    ------------------        -------------------          -----------------
    David Krall               Paul J. Milbury              Carol L. Reid
    President and             Chief Financial Officer      Vice President and
    Chief Executive           (Principal Financial         Corporate Controller
    Officer                   Officer)                     (Principal Accounting
    (Principal Executive                                   Officer)
    Officer)


Date: March  28 , 2002    Date:  March  28, 2002       Date:  March  28, 2002


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following  persons on behalf of the  registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

     NAME                           TITLE                           DATE
      ----                           -----                           ----

 /s/ Charles T. Brumback           Director                    March  20, 2002
 -------------------------
 Charles T. Brumback

 /s/ Robert M. Halperin            Director                    March  20, 2002
 -------------------------
 Robert M. Halperin

 /s/ Nancy Hawthorne               Director                    March  19, 2002
 -------------------------
 Nancy Hawthorne

 /s/ Pamela F. Lenehan             Director                    March  20, 2002
 -------------------------
 Pamela F. Lenehan

 /s/ William J. Warner             Director                    March  24, 2002
 -------------------------
 William J. Warner

                                       64
<PAGE>



                              AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.

                           ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001

                                   ITEM 14(d)

                          FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE


                                       65
<PAGE>


                              AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.

          SCHEDULE II - SUPPLEMENTAL VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                  Years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999

                                 (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      Additions
                                                             ------------------------------
                                              Balance at      Charged to       Charged to                      Balance at
                                             beginning of      costs and         other                           end of
               Description                      period         expenses         accounts       Deductions        period
----------------------------------------     -------------   --------------   -------------   -------------   -------------
<S>                                               <C>               <C>           <C>          <C>                <C>
Allowance for doubtful accounts

              December 31, 2001                    $9,806             $619                     ($1,859) (a)         $8,566

              December 31, 2000                     7,397            4,350                      (1,941) (a)          9,806

              December 31, 1999                     5,868            3,230         1,220        (2,921) (a)          7,397

Sales returns and allowances

              December 31, 2001                     $1,578                        $9,086 (b)   ($7,733) (c)         $2,931

              December 31, 2000                      1,557                         6,465 (b)    (6,444) (c)          1,578

              December 31, 1999                      1,303                         2,414 (b)    (2,160) (c)          1,557

Allowance for transactions with recourse

              December 31, 2001                     $5,026           $1,016       $1,090 (b)   ($3,270) (d)         $3,862

              December 31, 2000                      3,923            1,744        2,079 (b)    (2,720) (d)          5,026

              December 31, 1999                      3,449              747        1,368 (b)    (1,641) (d)          3,923

Deferred tax asset valuation allowance

              December 31, 2001                   $115,962          $14,733         $733                          $131,428

              December 31, 2000                     90,637           24,177        1,148                           115,962

              December 31, 1999                                      90,244          393                            90,637


<FN>

(a) Amount represents write-offs, net of recoveries.
(b) Provisions for sales returns, volume rebates, and a portion of the provision
    for transactions with recourse are charged directly against revenue.
(c) Amount represents credits for returns, volume rebates, promotions and
    warranty.
(d) Amount represents defaults, net of recoveries.
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                      F-1
<PAGE>


                                Index to Exhibits




  Exhibit No.                        Description
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------


     2.1  Stock  and  Asset  Purchase  Agreement  among  Microsoft  Corporation,
          Softimage  Inc. and Avid  Technology,  Inc.  dated as of June 15, 1998
          together with all material exhibits thereto (incorporated by reference
          to the  Registrant's  Quarterly  Report a Form 10-Q as filed  with the
          Commission on August 12, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

     3.1  Certificate of Amendment of the Third Amended and Restated Certificate
          of Incorporation  of the Registrant  (incorporated by reference to the
          Registrant's   Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  as  filed  with  the
          Commission on May 15, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

     3.2  Third  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  the
          Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Registration
          Statement  on Form S-8 as filed with the  Commission  on June 9, 1993,
          File No. 33-64126).

     3.3  Amended  and  Restated  By-Laws  of the  Registrant  (incorporated  by
          reference to the  Registrant's  Registration  Statement on Form S-1 as
          declared  effective  by the  Commission  on March 11,  1993,  File No.
          33-57796).

     3.4  Certificate of Designations establishing Series A Junior Participating
          Preferred Stock (the "Certificate of  Designations")  (incorporated by
          reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with
          the Commission on March 8, 1996).

     3.5  Certificate  of  Correction  to  the   Certificate   of   Designations
          (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's  Current Report on Form
          8-K as filed with the Commission on March 8, 1996).

     4.1  Specimen  Certificate   representing  the  Registrant's  Common  Stock
          (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's  Registration Statement
          on Form S-1 as declared effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993,
          File No. 33-57796).

     4.3  Rights  Agreement,   dated  as  of  February  29,  1996,  between  the
          Registrant  and The First  National  Bank of Boston,  as Rights  Agent
          (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's  Current Report on Form
          8-K as filed with the Commission on March 8, 1996, File No. 0-21174).

     4.3  Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated August 3, 1998 by and between Avid
          Technology,  Inc. and Microsoft Corporation (incorporated by reference
          to the  Registrant's  Quarterly  Report a Form 10-Q as filed  with the
          Commission on November 13, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

    10.1  Lease dated September 29, 1995 between Allied Dunbar Insurance PLC and
          Avid Technology Limited (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's
          Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on November
          14, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

    10.3  Lease between MGI Andover Street, Inc. and Avid Technology, Inc. dated
          March  21,  1995   (incorporated  by  reference  to  the  Registrant's
          Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on May 15,
          1995, File No. 0-21174).

    10.4  Amended and  Restated  lease dated as of June 7, 1996  between MGI One
          Park West, Inc. and Avid Technology,  Inc.  (incorporated by reference
          to the  Registrant's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the
          Commission on August 14, 1996, File No. 0-21174).

    10.15 Form of  Distribution  Agreement  (incorporated  by  reference  to the
          Registrant's  Registration Statement on Form S-1 as declared effective
          by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).
<PAGE>

    10.16 Form of Purchase and License  Agreement  (incorporated by reference to
          the  Registrant's  Registration  Statement  on  Form  S-1 as  declared
          effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

    10.17 Form of Software Only License Agreement  (incorporated by reference to
          the  Registrant's  Registration  Statement  on  Form  S-1 as  declared
          effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

   #10.18 1989  Stock   Option  Plan   (incorporated   by  reference  to  the
          Registrant's  Registration Statement on Form S-1 as declared effective
          by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

   #10.19 1993  Stock  Incentive  Plan  (incorporated  by  reference  to  the
          Registrant's  Registration Statement on Form S-1 as declared effective
          by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

   #10.20 1993  Director  Stock  Option  Plan,  as  amended  (incorporated  by
          reference  to the  Registrant's  Proxy  Statement  as  filed  with the
          Commission on April 27, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

   #10.21 1993 Executive Compensation Agreement  (incorporated by reference to
          the  Registrant's  Registration  Statement  on  Form  S-1 as  declared
          effective by the Commission on March 11, 1993, File No. 33-57796).

   #10.22 1993 Employee Stock Purchase Plan  (incorporated by reference to the
          Registrant's  Registration  Statement  on Form S-8 as  filed  with the
          Commission on June 9, 1993, File No. 33-64130).

   #10.23 1994 Stock Option Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to the
          Registrant's  Registration  Statement  on Form S-8 as  filed  with the
          Commission on October 27, 1995, File No. 33-98692).

   #10.25  1995  Executive  Variable  Compensation  Program  (incorporated  by
          reference to the  Registrant's  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed
          with the Commission on May 15, 1995, File No. 0-21174).

   #10.26 1998  Executive and Senior  Management  Variable  Compensation  Plan
          (incorporated by reference to the  Registrant's  Annual Report on Form
          10-K as  filed  with  the  Commission  on  March  27,  1998,  File No.
          0-21174).

   #10.27  1997  Stock   Option  Plan   (incorporated   by  reference  to  the
          Registrant's  Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the  Commission
          on March 27, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

   #10.28 1996  Employee  Stock  Purchase  Plan, as amended  (incorporated  by
          reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with
          the Commission on March 27, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

   #10.29 1998  Non-Qualified  Deferred  Compensation  Plan  (incorporated  by
          reference to the  Registrant's  Registration  Statement on Form S-8 as
          filed with the Commission on December 18, 1997, File No. 33-42569).

   #10.30 1998  Profit  Sharing  Plan   (incorporated  by  reference  to  the
          Registrant's  Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the  Commission
          on March 27, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

   #10.33 Employment  Agreement  between the Company and William L.  Flaherty
          (incorporated by reference to the  Registrant's  Annual Report on Form
          10-K as  filed  with  the  Commission  on  March  27,  1998,  File No.
          0-21174).

   #10.34 Change-in-Control  Agreement  between  the  Company  and William L.
          Flaherty  (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report
          on Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on March 27, 1998,  File No.
          0-21174).

   #10.36 1999  Profit  Sharing  Plan   (incorporated  by  reference  to  the
          Registrant's  Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the  Commission
          on March 30, 1999, File No. 0-21174).
<PAGE>

   #10.37 1999  Executive and Senior  Management  Variable  Compensation  Plan
          (incorporated by reference to the  Registrant's  Annual Report on Form
          10-K as  filed  with  the  Commission  on  March  30,  1999,  File No.
          0-21174).

    10.38 Registration  Rights  Agreement  dated  August 3, 1998 by and  between
          Avid  Technology,  Inc. and  Microsoft  Corporation  (incorporated  by
          reference to the  Registrant's  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed
          with the Commission on November 13, 1998, File No. 0-21174).

    10.39 Form  of  Electronic  Software  License  Agreement   (incorporated  by
          reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with
          the Commission on March 30, 1999, File No. 0-21174).

   #10.40 Form of  Employment  Agreements  between  the  Company  and  certain
          Executive  Officers  (incorporated  by reference  to the  Registrant's
          Annual  Report on Form 10-K as filed with the  Commission on March 30,
          1999, File No. 0-21174).

   #10.41 Form of Change-in-Control  Agreement between the Company and certain
          Executive  Officers  (incorporated  by reference  to the  Registrant's
          Annual  Report on Form 10-K as filed with the  Commission on March 30,
          1999, File No. 0-21174).

   #10.44 1999  Stock   Option  Plan   (incorporated   by  reference  to  the
          Registrant's  Registration  Statement  on Form S-8 as  filed  with the
          Commission on January 6, 2000, 1999, File No. 33-94167).

   *21    Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

   *23.1  Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

------------------
*documents filed herewith
#Management contract or compensatory plan identified pursuant to Item 14 (a) 3.
<PAGE>


             SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2001
             ------------------------------------------------------


                   AVID INTERNET MEDIA GROUP, INC. (Delaware)

                   AVID TECHNOLOGY WORLDWIDE, INC. (Delaware)

             AVID TECHNOLOGY SECURITIES CORPORATION (Massachusetts)

                     AVID TECHNOLOGY FSC LIMITED (Barbados)

                    AVID TECHNOLOGY EUROPE LIMITED (England)

                      AVID TECHNOLOGY IBERIA LTD (England)

                        AVID TECHNOLOGY S.A.R.L. (France)

                       AVID TECHNOLOGY G.m.b.H. (Germany)

                     AVID TECHNOLOGY SALES LIMITED (Ireland)

                         DIGIDESIGN ITALY S.R.L. (Italy)

                   AVID TECHNOLOGY HOLDING B.V. (Netherlands)

                AVID TECHNOLOGY INTERNATIONAL B.V. (Netherlands)

                             AVID JAPAN K.K. (Japan)

                 AVID TECHNOLOGY (S.E. ASIA) PTE LTD (Singapore)

                 AVID TECHNOLOGY (AUSTRALIA) PTY LTD (Australia)

                       AVID NORTH ASIA LIMITED (Hong Kong)

                             SOFTIMAGE CO. (Canada)

                              INEWS, LLC (Delaware)

                           INEWS PTY. LTD (Australia)

                                 INEWS G.m.b.H.

                              INEWS LTD. (England)

                           D-DESIGN NORDIC AB (Sweden)
<PAGE>


                                                                Exhibit 23.1

                       Consent of Independent Accountants

We  hereby  consent  to the  incorporation  by  reference  in  the  Registration
Statements on Form S-3 and Form S-8 of Avid Technology, Inc. of our report dated
January 30, 2002,  except for Note R which is as of February 6, 2002 relating to
the financial statements and financial statement schedule, which appears in this
Form 10-K.


/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP


Boston, Massachusetts
March 28, 2002










</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
