<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d50233_10-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              Washington, DC 20549
                                    FORM 10-K
                Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
                       the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                  For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001

                             Commission File Number
                                     0-9811

                            BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

          Florida                                    59-2022148
   (State of Organization)              (IRS Employer Identification Number)

         1750 E. Sunrise Boulevard
          Ft. Lauderdale, Florida                         33304
  (Address of Principal Executive Office)               (Zip Code)

                                 (954) 760-5200
               Registrant's telephone number, including area code

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

   Class A Common Stock $.01 par Value                   None
   Class B Common Stock $.01 par Value                   None
             (Title of Class)             (Name of Exchange on Which Registered)

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                                      None

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports)  and  (2)  has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.
                                                                 Yes [X]  No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated  by  reference in Part III of this form 10-K or any  amendments  to
this form 10-K.
                                                                             [X]

    Aggregate market value of the voting and nonvoting common equity held by
       non-affiliates of the Registrant: As of March 21, 2002 $25,240,000

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the Registrant's classes of
common stock, as of the latest practicable date:

      Class A Common Stock of $.01 par value, 6,461,994 shares outstanding.
      Class B Common Stock of $.01 par value, 2,366,157 shares outstanding.

        Documents Incorporated by Reference in Part IV of this Form 10-K:

Portions of Registrant's  Definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2002 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated in Part III of this report.


                                       1
<PAGE>

                      [This Page Intentionally Left Blank}


                                       2
<PAGE>

                                     PART I

Except for historical  information  contained  herein,  the matters discussed in
this report contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  "Securities  Act"),  and Section
21E of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  "Exchange  Act"),
that involve  substantial risks and uncertainties.  When used in this report and
in the  documents  incorporated  by reference  herein,  the words  "anticipate",
"believe",   "estimate",  "may",  "intend",  "expect"  and  similar  expressions
identify certain of such forward-looking statements. Actual results, performance
or achievements  could differ materially from those  contemplated,  expressed or
implied   by   the   forward-looking    statements   contained   herein.   These
forward-looking  statements  are  based  largely  on  the  expectations  of  BFC
Financial  Corporation  ("the  Company",  "BFC",  or  "Registrant"  which may be
referred  to as "we",  "us" or "our")  and are  subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties  that are  subject to change  based on factors  which are, in many
instances,  beyond the Company's control. These include, but are not limited to,
the risks and uncertainties associated with: the impact of economic, competitive
and other factors  affecting the Company and its operations,  markets,  products
and  services;  the impact on the national and local  economies of the terrorist
actions of September 11, 2001 and subsequently,  as well as military  activities
or conflicts; credit risks and the related sufficiency of the allowance for loan
losses; the effects of, and changes in, trade,  monetary and fiscal policies and
laws,  including  but not  limited to  interest  rate  policies  of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System; adverse conditions in the stock market,
the public debt market and other capital markets  (including changes in interest
rate conditions) and the impact of such conditions on our activities; the impact
of  changes  in  financial  services'  laws  and  regulations   (including  laws
concerning taxes, banking, securities and insurance); technological changes; the
impact  of  changes  in  accounting  policies  by the  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission; and with respect to the operations of Levitt Companies, LLC ("Levitt
Companies")  and its real  estate  subsidiaries:  the  market  for  real  estate
generally  and in  the  areas  where  Levitt  Companies  has  developments,  the
availability and price of land suitable for development, materials prices, labor
costs, interest rates,  environmental factors and governmental regulations;  and
the Company's success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing.  Further,
this report contains forward-looking  statements with respect to the acquisition
of BankAtlantic Bancorp, Inc. ("Bancorp") and Community Savings Bankshares, Inc.
("Community"),  which is subject to risks and  uncertainties,  including but not
limited to, the risk that the  transaction  will cost more,  take longer,  or be
less advantageous than expected. In addition to the risks and factors identified
above,  reference is also made to other risks and factors detailed herein and in
reports  filed  by the  Company  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission
("SEC"). The Company cautions that the foregoing factors are not exclusive.  All
subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning the Company or
other matters and attributable to the Company or any person acting on its behalf
are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements above.

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

General Description of Business

BFC  Financial  Corporation  is a unitary  savings  bank  holding  company  as a
consequence of its ownership interest in the common stock of Bancorp. Bancorp is
also a diversified  financial  unitary  savings bank holding  company which owns
100% of the outstanding stock of BankAtlantic, Levitt Companies and Ryan, Beck &
Co., LLC ("Ryan Beck").

In August  2000,  Bancorp  shareholders  approved a corporate  transaction  that
resulted in the  retirement  of all publicly  held Bancorp Class B Common Stock,
other than the Class B Common  Stock held by BFC. As a  consequence,  BFC became
the sole holder of the Class B Common Stock which represented 100% of the voting
rights of Bancorp at that time.  Because BFC controlled  greater than 50% of the
vote of Bancorp,  commencing in 2000 Bancorp was  consolidated  in the Company's
financial  statements  instead of carried on the equity basis. In 2001,  Bancorp
amended  its  articles of  incorporation  to grant  voting  rights to holders of
Bancorp Class A Common Stock, make Bancorp Class B Common Stock convertible into
Bancorp  Class A Common Stock on a share for share basis,  and equalize the cash
dividends payable on Bancorp's Class A Common Stock and Bancorp's Class B Common
Stock.  As a consequence of the amendment,  Bancorp's  Class A shareholders  are
entitled to one vote per share, which in the aggregate will represent 53% of the
combined  voting power of Bancorp's  Class A Common Stock and Bancorp's  Class B
Common Stock. Bancorp's Class B Common Stock represents the remaining 47% of the
combined vote.

At December 31, 2001,  the  Company's  ownership in Bancorp Class A Common Stock
and Class B Common Stock was  approximately 16% and 100%,  respectively,  in the
aggregate  representing  23% of all of the outstanding  Bancorp Common Stock and
55.3% of the vote. The Company  acquired  control of Bancorp in 1987 for a total
investment  of  approximately  $43 million.  From 1987  through  June 1993,  the
Company increased its ownership in Bancorp to 78%. In November 1993, the


                                       3
<PAGE>

Company's  ownership  of  Bancorp  decreased  to 48%,  as a  consequence  of the
Company's and Bancorp's  sales of shares of Bancorp  Common Stock and since that
time has been  further  reduced to its  current  level as a  consequence  of the
additional  issuance of common stock by Bancorp in connection with  acquisitions
and the exercise of Bancorp stock options.

Bancorp is a Florida-based  diversified financial services holding company which
owns  BankAtlantic,  Levitt Companies and Ryan Beck.  BankAtlantic,  a federally
chartered,  federally  insured  savings bank was organized in 1952, and provides
traditional  retail  banking  services  and a full range of  commercial  banking
products  and  related  financial  services.  On March  22,  2002,  BankAtlantic
acquired  Community  which through its savings and loan  association  subsidiary
operated 21 offices in Palm Beach,  Martin,  St. Lucie and Indian River counties
in Florida.  Including the branches  recently  acquired from Community  Savings,
BankAtlantic  operates  74  branch  offices  located  primarily  in  Miami-Dade,
Broward,  Hillsborough,  Palm Beach, Martin, St. Lucie and Indian River Counties
in  the  State  of  Florida  and  has  approximately  $5.6  billion  in  assets.
BankAtlantic's  activities include: (i) attracting checking and savings deposits
from the public and general business customers, (ii) originating commercial real
estate  and  business  loans,  and  consumer  and small  business  loans,  (iii)
purchasing wholesale residential loans from third parties, and (iv) making other
investments  in   mortgage-backed   securities,   tax   certificates  and  other
securities.  BankAtlantic  is  regulated  and  examined  by the Office of Thrift
Supervision ("OTS") and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC").

Levitt Companies owns Core Communities, LLC ("Core Communities"), a developer of
master planned residential, commercial and industrial communities in Florida and
Levitt and Sons,  LLC ("Levitt and Sons"),  a developer  of  single-family  home
communities,  condominiums  and  rental  apartment  complexes.  Levitt  also has
several other real estate joint venture investments in South Florida.

Ryan Beck provides a full range of investment banking,  brokerage and investment
management services. Ryan Beck conducts capital market activities focused on the
financial  services and municipal  sectors.  These activities include investment
banking,  trading,  research and  institutional  sales.  Ryan Beck also operates
retail-oriented  brokerage,  conducting  such  activities  on behalf of high net
worth individuals.

During 1999 and 2000, the Company (without  consideration  of Bancorp)  acquired
interests  in  unaffiliated  technology  entities.  During  2000 and  2001,  the
Company's interests in the technology entities were transferred at the Company's
cost to specified  asset limited  partnerships.  Subsidiaries of the Company are
the controlling general partners of these venture partnerships,  therefore, they
are consolidated in these financial  statements.  Interests in such partnerships
were sold in 2000 and 2001 to accredited investors in private offerings.  During
2000,  approximately  $5.1 million of capital was raised from unaffiliated third
parties by these  partnerships  and officers,  directors  and  affiliates of the
Company invested approximately $4.4 million in the Partnership.  The Company and
the general partners retained ownership interests of approximately $1.8 million.
Additionally,  during  2001,  approximately  $895,000 of capital was raised from
unaffiliated  third parties by these  partnerships  and officers,  directors and
affiliates  of  the  Company   invested   approximately   $1.3  million  in  the
partnerships.  The Company and the general partners retained ownership interests
of approximately $3.8 million increasing the Company's total investment in these
partnerships to $5.6 million. Of the $1.3 million, Alan Levan and Jack Abdo each
borrowed  $500,000  from the  Company  on a  recourse  basis  and Glen  Gilbert,
Executive  Vice  President,  and Earl  Pertnoy,  a director of the Company  each
borrowed $50,000 on a non-recourse basis to make their investments. Such amounts
were still  outstanding at the end of the year,  bear interest at the prime rate
plus 1% and are payable  interest only  annually with the entire  balance due in
February 2006.  After the limited  partners  receive a specified return from the
partnerships,  the  general  partners  are  entitled  to receive 20% of all cash
distributions from the partnerships.  The general partners are limited liability
companies  of which the  members  are:  John E. Abdo - 13.75%;  Alan B.  Levan -
9.25%;  Glen R.  Gilbert - 2.0%;  John E.  Abdo,  Jr. - 17.5% and BFC  Financial
Corporation  - 57.5%.  Losses  net of  minority  interests  for the  year  ended
December  31, 2001 were  $881,000.  At December  31,  2001,  the  Company's  net
investment in these partnerships was $4.7 million.

In  addition  to its other  activities,  the  Company  apart  from  Bancorp  and
Bancorp's  subsidiaries,  owns and manages real estate.  Since its  inception in
1980, and prior to acquiring control of Bancorp,  the Company's primary business
was the organization,  sale and management of real estate investment programs. A
subsidiary of the Company continues to serve as the corporate general partner of
a public limited  partnership  which files periodic  reports with the Securities
and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act. Subsidiaries of the Company also
serve as corporate general partners of a number of private limited  partnerships
formed in prior  years.  The Company  ceased the  organization  and sale of real
estate investment programs in 1987. The Company continues to hold mortgage notes
receivable of approximately  $912,000 which were received in connection with the
sale of properties previously owned by the Company.

In 1994, the Company agreed to participate in certain real estate  opportunities
with John E. Abdo and certain of his affiliates  (the "Abdo  Group").  Under the
arrangement,  the  Company  and the Abdo Group  share  equally in profits  after
interest  earned by the


                                       4
<PAGE>

Company on advances  made by the  Company.  The  Company  bears any risk of loss
under the  arrangement.  Pursuant to this  arrangement  with the Abdo Group,  in
December 1994, an entity controlled by the Company acquired from an unaffiliated
seller  approximately  70 acres of  unimproved  land known as the "Center  Port"
property in Pompano  Beach,  Florida.  Through  December  31,  2001,  all of the
project  except for land under two pylon  signs,  a cell tower site and the lake
had been sold to unaffiliated third parties for approximately  $21.4 million and
the Company  recognized net gains from the sales of real estate of approximately
$4.8  million.  The Abdo Group  received  approximately  $2.6 million in 2000 in
connection with its real estate sales profit participation.

BUSINESS SEGMENTS

The Company is a diversified  financial services holding company that provides a
full line of products and services encompassing consumer and commercial banking;
real estate construction and development,  and brokerage and investment banking.
Management   reports  results  of  operations   through  seven  segments:   Bank
Investments,  Commercial  Banking and  Community  Banking,  which are  conducted
through  the Bank  Operation  segments  and are  operated  solely by Bancorp and
BankAtlantic,  Levitt  Companies,  Ryan Beck,  Bancorp  Parent  Company  and BFC
Holding Company.

Bank Investments

The  Bank  Investments   segment  manages  the  investments  in   BankAtlantic's
securities  portfolios  as well as  wholesale  and  retail  residential  lending
activities.  BankAtlantic securities portfolios include securities available for
sale,  investment  securities and tax certificates.  Additionally,  this segment
also handles BankAtlantic's residential loan portfolio.

Securities  Available  for  Sale -  Securities  available  for sale  consist  of
mortgage-backed  securities,  treasury notes and real estate mortgage investment
conduits ("REMIC").  BankAtlantic's  securities  portfolio serves as a source of
liquidity  while  providing  a means to moderate  the  effects of interest  rate
changes.  The  decision to purchase  and sell  securities  is based upon current
assessment of the economy,  the interest  rate  environment  and  BankAtlantic's
liquidity requirements.

Investment  Securities  Held to  Maturity  and  Tax  Certificates  -  Investment
securities  held  to  maturity   consist  of  adjustable  rate   mortgage-backed
securities issued by government  agencies.  These securities have minimal credit
and interest rate risk due to the government  agency  guarantee of the principal
balance and periodic interest rate adjustments.

Tax certificates are evidences of tax obligations that are sold through auctions
or bulk sales by various state taxing  authorities  on an annual basis.  The tax
obligation  arises when the  property  owner fails to timely pay the real estate
taxes on the property.  Tax  certificates  represent a priority lien against the
real property for the delinquent real estate taxes. Interest accrues at the rate
established  at the auction or by statute.  The minimum  repayment,  in order to
satisfy the lien, is the  certificate  amount plus the interest  accrued through
the redemption date and applicable  penalties,  fees and costs. Tax certificates
have no payment schedule or stated maturity.  If the certificate holder does not
file for the deed within  established  time frames,  the  certificate may become
null and void.  Experience  with this type of investment  has been  favorable as
rates  earned  are  generally  higher  than  many  alternative  investments  and
substantial  repayments  generally  occur over a two year period.  Other than in
Florida  and  Georgia,  BankAtlantic  has no  significant  concentration  of tax
certificate holdings in any one taxing authority.


                                       5
<PAGE>

The  composition,  yields and  maturities of  securities  available for sale and
investment securities and tax certificates were as follows (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      U.S.                                        Corporate
                                   Treasury                         Mortgage-       Bond                             Weighted
                                     and            Tax              Backed          And                              Average
                                   Agencies     Certificates       Securities       Other             Total            Yield
                                  -----------   ------------       -----------    ----------        ---------         -------
<S>                               <C>             <C>              <C>           <C>               <C>                 <C>
December 31, 2001
Maturity: (1)
   One year or less                 $5,819         $103,121         $       39         $ --         $  108,979         10.32%
   After one through five years         --           40,956                243          262             41,461         10.70
   After five through ten years         --               --             13,060           --             13,060          3.96
   After ten years                      --               --          1,071,434           --          1,071,434          5.84
                                    ------         --------         ----------         ----         ----------         -----
Fair values (2)                     $5,819         $144,077         $1,084,776         $262         $1,234,934          6.37%
                                    ======         ========         ==========         ====         ==========         =====
Amortized cost (2)                  $5,819         $144,077         $1,063,949         $250         $1,214,095          6.59%
                                    ======         ========         ==========         ====         ==========         =====
Weighted average yield based
    on fair values                    1.07%           10.76%              5.82%        5.56%              6.37%
Weighted average maturity        .01 years        2.0 years        23.53 years   3.67 years        20.90 years
                                 ---------         --------         ----------   ----------         ----------
December 31, 2000
Fair values (2)                     $5,945         $122,352         $1,050,052         $250         $1,178,599          6.90%
                                    ======         ========         ==========         ====         ==========         =====
Amortized cost (2)                  $5,945         $122,352         $1,056,470         $250         $1,185,017          6.43%
                                    ======         ========         ==========         ====         ==========         =====
</TABLE>

(1)  Maturities are based on contractual maturities. Tax certificate maturities
     are based on historical repayment experience and BankAtlantic's charge-off
     policies since tax certificates do not have contractual maturities.

(2)  Equity securities held by Bancorp parent company with a cost of $33.4
     million and $35.0 million and a fair value of $43.4 million, and $48.4
     million at December 31, 2001 and 2000 respectively, were excluded from the
     above table.

A  summary  of  the  amortized  cost  and  gross   unrealized   appreciation  or
depreciation  of estimated fair value compared to cost of tax  certificates  and
held to maturity and available for sale securities follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        December 31, 2001
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                      Gross           Gross
                                                   Amortized       Unrealized       Unrealized       Estimated
                                                      Cost         Appreciation     Depreciation     Fair Value
                                                   -----------    -------------     ------------     ----------
<S>                                                 <C>               <C>               <C>         <C>
Tax certificates and investment securities:
  Cost equals market                                $  144,077        $    --           $ --        $  144,077
Mortgage-backed securities held to maturity:
  Market over cost                                     196,359          5,878             --           202,237
  Cost over market                                      68,074             --            126            67,948
Investment securities available for sale:
  Cost equals market                                    29,631             --             --            29,631
  Market over cost                                       7,016         10,322              0            17,338
  Cost over market                                       2,867             --            352             2,515
Mortgage-backed securities available for sale:
  Market over cost                                     706,415         15,561             --           721,976
  Cost over market                                      93,101             --            486            92,615
                                                    ----------        -------           ----        ----------
          Total                                     $1,247,540        $31,761           $964        $1,278,337
                                                    ==========        =======           ====        ==========
</TABLE>

Residential  Loans - BankAtlantic  purchases  residential loans in the secondary
markets.  These  loans are  secured by property  located  throughout  the United
States.  For  residential  loan  purchases,  BankAtlantic  reviews the  seller's
underwriting  policies  and  subject  certain  of  the  individual  loans  to an
additional  credit review.  These loans are typically  purchased in bulk and are
generally  non-conforming  loans  due to the  size  and  characteristics  of the
individual  loans.  Guidelines  are set for loan  purchases  relating  to:  loan
amount, type of property, state of residence,  loan-to-value ratios,  borrower's
sources  of  funds,


                                       6
<PAGE>

appraisal, and loan documentation. BankAtlantic also originates residential
loans, primarily CRA loans. The underwriting of these loans generally follows
government agency guidelines with independent appraisers generally performing
on-site inspections and valuations of the collateral.

Commercial Banking

The  Commercial  Banking  segment  provides a wide range of  commercial  lending
products.   These  products   include   commercial  real  estate   construction,
residential  development and land acquisition loans,  commercial  business loans
and trade  finance  lending.  This segment also  provides  letters of credit and
standby letters of credit to corporate customers.

Commercial  Real Estate - Commercial  real estate loans  normally are secured by
property located throughout Florida,  primarily in Miami-Dade,  Broward and Palm
Beach Counties and the Tampa Bay area in Florida.  Commercial real estate loans,
typically are based on a maximum of 75% of the collateral's  appraised value and
require the  borrower  to maintain  escrow  accounts  for real estate  taxes and
insurance.  Prior to making a loan, the value of the collateral,  the quality of
the loan, the credit worthiness of the borrowers and guarantors, the location of
the real estate, the projected income stream of the property, the reputation and
quality of  management  constructing  or  administering  the  property,  and the
interest rate and fees are considered. It is generally required that these loans
be guaranteed by one or more of the  principals of the borrowing  entity.  Loans
and investments in affiliated joint ventures may result in consolidated exposure
in excess of the typical loan to value ratio and  guarantees  of the  principals
may not be required.

Commercial  Business - Commercial  business  loans are generally  made to medium
size companies located throughout Florida, primarily in the Miami-Dade,  Broward
and Palm Beach Counties and the Tampa Bay area. Both secured and unsecured loans
are made,  although  the  majority  of these loans are on a secured  basis.  New
commercial  business  loans are  typically  secured by the accounts  receivable,
inventory,   equipment,  and/or  general  corporate  assets  of  the  borrowers.
Commercial  business  loans  generally  have  variable  interest  rates that are
prime-based.  These loans typically are originated for terms ranging from one to
five years.  BankAtlantic  also provides  trade  financing for local  commercial
customers who are exporting primarily to Latin America utilizing risk mitigation
guarantees and credit insurance programs. Trade finance loans have rates tied to
prime and generally have maturities of one year or less.

Standby  Letters  of Credit  and  Commitments  - Standby  letters  of credit are
conditional commitments issued by BankAtlantic to guarantee the performance of a
customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit
is the same as  extending  loans  to  customers.  Certificates  of  deposit  and
residential  and  commercial  liens may be held as  collateral  for  letters  of
credit.

BankAtlantic  also issues  commitments for commercial real estate and commercial
business loans. In most cases these commitments are for three months.

Discontinued  lines of business - During  2001,  based on an  evaluation  of the
performance  of loan  products  BankAtlantic  discontinued  the  origination  of
international loans to correspondent financial institutions and lease financing.

International  lending to  correspondent  financial  institutions - BankAtlantic
lent  to  correspondent  financial  institutions  in  Latin  America,  including
pre-export  financing and advances on letters of credit.  These loans have rates
tied to either prime or LIBOR and generally have maturities of one year or less.
At December 31, 2001, $1.4 million of such loans remained outstanding.

Lease Financing - BankAtlantic  has leased or financed trucks and  manufacturing
and construction equipment to businesses. The leases are secured by the acquired
equipment  and are  originated  with terms  ranging from two to five years.  The
lease  interest  component is at a fixed rate.  During 2001 lease  financing was
discontinued.  Lease financing is considered sub-prime lending and generally has
a higher degree of risk, than loans in  BankAtlantic's  portfolio.  These leases
are more likely to be adversely impacted by unfavorable  economic conditions and
are highly dependent on the success of the business and the credit worthiness of
the  principals.  At December  31,  2001,  $55  million of such leases  remained
outstanding.

Community Banking

The  Community  Banking  segment  offers a diverse  range of loan  products  for
individuals  and small  businesses.  These  products  include home equity loans,
automobile  loans,  overdraft  protection on deposit accounts and small business
lending.


                                       7
<PAGE>

The above loans are  originated  by business  bankers  through the  BankAtlantic
branch  network.  This  segment  also  administers  BankAtlantic's  ATM  network
operations located in retail outlets,  cruise ships, Native American reservation
gaming facilities and BankAtlantic branch locations.

SmallBusiness - Small business loans are generally made to companies,  primarily
in  Miami-Dade,  Broward  and Palm  Beach  Counties  and the  Tampa  Bay area in
Florida. Small business loans are originated on a secured or unsecured basis and
do not exceed $1.0 million. These loans are originated with maturities primarily
ranging  from one to three  years or on  demand.  Lines of  credit  are due upon
demand. These loans typically have either fixed or variable prime based interest
rates.

Small business loans  generally have a higher degree of risk than other loans in
BankAtlantic's  portfolio because they are more likely to be adversely  impacted
by  unfavorable  economic  conditions.  In addition,  these loans  typically are
highly dependent on the success of the business and the credit worthiness of the
principals.

Consumer - Consumer loans are primarily loans to individuals  originated through
BankAtlantic's  branch network and sales force of business bankers. The majority
of our originations are home equity lines of credit secured by a second mortgage
on the primary  residence of the borrower.  BankAtlantic  does not currently use
brokers to originate  loans.  In the past,  BankAtlantic  originated  automobile
loans through automobile  dealers but this activity was discontinued  during the
fourth quarter of 1998.  Home equity lines of credit have  prime-based  interest
rates and generally  mature in fifteen years. All other consumer loans generally
have fixed interest rates with terms ranging from one to five years.

Underwriting and Credit Management

Bancorp  has a  centralized  underwriting  area that  establishes  policies  and
procedures  for the banking  operations  segments  and their  related  products.
However,  borrowers or counter-parties may default on their obligations.  Credit
risk arises  through the  extension  of loans and  leases,  certain  securities,
letters of credit,  financial guarantees and through  counter-party  exposure on
trading  and  wholesale  loan  transactions.  In an attempt to manage this risk,
Bancorp  has  established   policies  and  procedures  to  manage  both  on  and
off-balance  sheet  (primarily  loan  commitments)  credit risk and  attempts to
monitor the application of these policies and procedures.

BankAtlantic's  Chief Credit  Officer  works with  lending  officers and various
other  line  personnel  who  conduct  activities  involving  credit  risk and is
involved in the implementation, refinement and monitoring of credit policies and
procedures.

BankAtlantic  attempts to manage  credit  exposure to  individual  borrowers and
counter-parties of its banking operations on an aggregate basis including loans,
securities,  letters  of  credit,  derivatives  and  unfunded  commitments.  The
creditworthiness  of  individual  borrowers  or  counter-parties  is analyzed by
credit  personnel,  and limits are  established for the total credit exposure to
any one borrower or counter-party.  Credit limits at BankAtlantic are subject to
varying levels of approval by senior line and credit risk management.

For products in the commercial  banking division,  a borrower's  ability to make
principal  and interest  payments and the value of the  collateral  securing the
underlying loans are evaluated. Independent appraisers generally perform on-site
inspections  and valuations of the collateral for commercial  real estate loans.
Commercial  real estate and  commercial  and  syndicated  business loans of $1.0
million to $5.0 million at BankAtlantic  require Senior Loan Committee  approval
and Major  Loan  Committee  ratification.  Commercial  loans  over $5.0  million
require the  approval of the Major Loan  Committee.  BankAtlantic's  Senior Loan
Committee  includes members of its executive  management.  BankAtlantic's  Major
Loan Committee  consists of: the Chief Executive Officer;  Vice Chairman;  Chief
Credit Officer;  Executive Vice President  Commercial Lending; and certain other
officers of BankAtlantic.

For consumer and small business lending,  credit scoring systems are utilized by
BankAtlantic  to assess the  relative  risks of new  underwritings  and  provide
standards for extensions of credit. Consumer and small business portfolio credit
risk is monitored  primarily  using  statistical  models and regular  reviews of
actual payment experience to predict portfolio behavior.

Consumer loans for $250,000 or more also require the approval of  BankAtlantic's
Major Loan Committee. BankAtlantic's Chief Credit Officer must approve all small
business loans at or above $750,000 but less than $1.0 million.


                                       8
<PAGE>

Residential  loans for over $500,000 require approval by  BankAtlantic's  Senior
Loan  Committee  and  ratification  by  BankAtlantic's   Major  Loan  Committee.
Purchased   residential   loans  in  pools  greater  than  $50  million  require
BankAtlantic Investment Committee approval.

An independent credit review group conducts ongoing reviews of credit activities
and  portfolios,  reexamining  on a regular  basis risk  assessments  for credit
exposure and overall compliance with policy. This group meets monthly to receive
an update on the status of small business, commercial real estate and commercial
business  classified  loans. The committee  discusses the progress of individual
credits,  monitors compliance with lending policies and may upgrade or downgrade
the risk grades of specific loans.

Credit  exposure is  primarily  focused in the loan and lease  portfolio,  which
totaled   $2.8  billion  and  $2.9  billion  at  December  31,  2001  and  2000,
respectively.

Loans and leases receivable composition are as follows (in thousands):

                                                 As of December 31,
                                  --------------------------------------------
                                          2001                    2000
                                  --------------------   ---------------------
                                     Amount    Percent     Amount    Percent
                                  --------------------   ---------------------
Loans receivable:
Real estate loans:
  Residential real estate         $1,111,775    40.07%   $1,316,062    46.14%
  Construction and development     1,122,628    40.47       937,881    32.88
  Commercial real estate             522,006    18.82       369,282    12.95
  Small business - real estate        43,196     1.56        28,285     0.99
Other loans:
  Second mortgage - direct           166,531     6.00       124,859     4.38
  Second mortgage - indirect           2,159     0.08         4,020     0.14
  Commercial business                 76,146     2.74        86,194     3.02
  Small business - non-mortgage       59,041     2.13        69,325     2.43
  Lease finance                       54,969     1.98        75,918     2.66
  Due from foreign banks               1,420     0.05        64,207     2.25
  Consumer - other direct             25,811     0.93        33,036     1.16
  Consumer - other indirect           23,241     0.84        58,455     2.05
Loans held for sale:
  Residential real estate              4,757     0.17            --     0.00
  Syndication loans                   40,774     1.47        80,016     2.80
                                  ----------   ------    ----------   ------
        Total                      3,254,454   117.31     3,247,540   113.85
                                  ----------   ------    ----------   ------
Adjustments:
Undisbursed portion of loans
in process                           434,166    15.65       344,390    12.07
Unearned discounts (premiums)          1,470     0.05         3,675     0.13
Allowance for loan losses             44,585     1.61        47,000     1.65
                                  ----------   ------    ----------   ------

     Total loans
receivable, net                   $2,774,233   100.00%   $2,852,475   100.00%
                                  ==========   ======    ==========   ======
Bankers acceptances               $        5   100.00%   $    1,329   100.00%
                                  ==========   ======    ==========   ======

Interest Expense and Overhead Allocations to Bank Operation Segments

Interest expense and overhead for Bank Operation  segments  represents  interest
expense and certain  revenue and expense  items which are allocated to each Bank
Operation  segment  based on its  pro-rata  average  assets.  Items  included in
interest  expense and overhead  include interest expense on all interest bearing
banking liabilities, with an allocation of back office and corporate headquarter
operating expenses, net of deposit account fee income.


                                       9
<PAGE>

Deposits - Deposits include  commercial demand deposit  accounts,  retail demand
deposit  accounts,  savings  accounts,  money market  accounts,  certificates of
deposit,  various NOW  accounts,  IRA and Keogh  retirement  accounts,  brokered
certificates   of  deposit  and  public   funds.   Deposits  are   solicited  in
BankAtlantic's   market  areas  through  advertising  and  relationship  banking
activities  primarily  conducted  through sales force and branch  network.  Most
depositors  are  residents  of Florida at least  part of the year.  Bancorp  has
several  relationships,  including  one with Ryan  Beck,  for the  placement  of
brokered  certificates  of  deposit.   These  relationships  are  considered  an
alternative source of funding.

Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB")  Advances - BankAtlantic is a member of the FHLB
and can  obtain  secured  advances  from  the  FHLB  of  Atlanta.  Advances  are
collateralized  by a security  lien against  BankAtlantic's  residential  loans,
certain  commercial  loans and securities.  In addition,  certain levels of FHLB
stock must be maintained for outstanding  advances.  FHLB advances are primarily
used to fund the purchased residential loan portfolio.

Securities  Sold Under  Agreements To Repurchase And Other Short Term Borrowings
-- Short  term  borrowings  consist  of  securities  sold  under  agreements  to
repurchase,  federal funds  borrowings and borrowings  from the Federal  Reserve
Bank.  Securities  sold  under  agreements  to  repurchase  involves a sale of a
portion of the  current  investment  portfolio  (usually  MBS and  REMIC's) at a
negotiated rate with and an agreement to purchase the same assets on a specified
date.   Repurchase  agreements  are  issued  to  institutions  and  BankAtlantic
customers. These transactions are collateralized by securities in BankAtlantic's
investment  portfolio.  Customer  repurchase  agreements  are not insured by the
FDIC.  Federal funds borrowings occur under established  facilities with various
federally insured banking institutions to purchase federal funds. The facilities
are used on an  overnight  basis to assist in managing  cash flow  requirements.
These  federal fund lines are subject to periodic  review,  may be terminated at
any time by the issuer  institution  and are  unsecured.  BankAtlantic  also has
established  a facility  with the  Federal  Reserve  Bank of Atlanta for secured
advances.   These  advances  are  collateralized  by  a  security  lien  against
BankAtlantic's consumer loans.

Levitt Companies

Levitt Companies is the real estate construction and development segment. Levitt
engages in real estate activities  through Levitt and Sons, Core Communities and
several  investments in real estate projects in South Florida.  Levitt and Sons,
is a developer of  single-family  home  communities  and  condominium and rental
apartment complexes primarily in Florida.  Core Communities owns the unsold land
and other  entitlements  of the master planned  community  commonly known as St.
Lucie  West in St.  Lucie  County,  Florida.  Core  Communities  also  owns  two
communities in the planning stages; Westchester in St. Lucie County, Florida and
Live Oak in Hillsboro County, Florida. Changes in the economic conditions of the
area would have an impact on the operations of Levitt.

Levitt Companies' construction activity is summarized as follows:

                                         At or For the Year Ended
                                              December 31,
                                        -------------------------
                                          2001             2000
                                        --------         --------
Levitt and Sons
Pre-sold backlog                             724              703
Homes delivered and titled                   879              620
Lot inventory (owned or optioned)          1,761            2,613
Average sale price of homes             $200,031         $201,000
                                        ========         ========
Core Communities
In acres:
Inventory under development                2,098            1,066
Inventory raw acreage                      2,032            2,033
Inventory sold in acres                      253              145
                                        ========         ========

The profitability of our real estate  development  activities will depend on our
ability to acquire  land at  attractive  prices and future  real  estate  market
conditions.

Levitt  Companies  and  its   subsidiaries   had  outstanding   indebtedness  to
unaffiliated  financial  institutions  of $64 million at December 31, 2001 which
was  collateralized by Levitt Companies' assets. See Note 10 to the consolidated
financial


                                       10
<PAGE>

statements  for further  details  regarding this  indebtedness.  Pursuant to the
terms  of  the  outstanding   indebtedness,   Levitt  Companies  is  subject  to
restrictions  on the  payment  of  dividends  to  Bancorp.  See  Note  25 to the
consolidated  financial  statements  for a  description  of an  adverse  verdict
entered  against a joint venture in which a subsidiary of Levitt  Companies is a
partner.

Ryan Beck

Ryan Beck is the  brokerage  and  investment  banking  segment.  Ryan Beck is an
investment banking firm engaged in the underwriting, distribution and trading of
tax-exempt, equity and debt securities. Ryan Beck offers a full-service, general
securities  brokerage business with investment and insurance products for retail
and  institutional  clients.  Ryan  Beck also  provides  investment  and  wealth
management advisory services; capital-raising and related advisory services; and
mergers and acquisitions consultation.

As a  registered  broker-dealer  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission
("SEC"),  Ryan Beck also offers a general  securities  business  with  extensive
investment and research products for retail and institutional  clients. The firm
operates on a fully disclosed basis with its clearing firm,  Credit Suisse First
Boston. Clients consist primarily of:

     o    High net worth individuals;
     o    Financial institutions;
     o    Institutional  clients  (including mutual funds,  pension funds, trust
          companies,  insurance  companies,  LBO funds, private equity sponsors,
          merchant banks and other long-term investors); and
     o    To  a  lesser  extent,   insurance  companies  and  specialty  finance
          companies.

Ryan Beck's money management subsidiary, Cumberland Advisors, Inc., was acquired
in 1998 and  supervises  approximately  $500 million in assets for  individuals,
institutions,  retirement  plans,  governmental  entities  and  cash  management
portfolios.

The  securities   business  is,  by  its  nature,   subject  to  various  risks,
particularly  in  volatile  or illiquid  markets,  including  the risk of losses
resulting  from the  underwriting  or ownership of securities,  customer  fraud,
employee  errors and  misconduct,  failures in connection with the processing of
securities   transactions   and   litigation.   Ryan  Beck's  business  and  its
profitability are affected by many factors including:

     o    the volatility and price levels of the securities markets,
     o    the volume, size and timing of securities transactions,
     o    the demand for investment banking services,
     o    the level and volatility of interest rates,
     o    the availability of credit,
     o    legislation affecting the business and financial communities,
     o    the economy in general and
     o    the volatility of equity and debt securities held in inventory.

Markets  characterized  by low trading  volumes and depressed  prices  generally
result in reduced  commissions and investment banking revenues as well as losses
from declines in the market value of securities positions.  Moreover,  Ryan Beck
is likely to be adversely  affected by negative  economic  developments  in, the
mid-Atlantic region or the financial services industry in general.

The majority of Ryan Beck's  assets and  liabilities  are trading  securities or
securities  sold not yet purchased.  Trading  securities and securities sold not
yet purchased are associated with trading activities conducted both as principal
and as agent on behalf of individual and institutional  investor clients of Ryan
Beck and are accounted for at fair value in our financial statements. Fair value
is determined by market price  quotations  and volatility in either the stock or
fixed  income  markets  could  result  in an  adverse  change  in our  financial
statements.   Trading  transactions  as  principal  involve  making  markets  in
securities  held  in  inventory  to  facilitate  sales  to  and  purchases  from
customers.  As a result  of this  activity  Ryan  Beck may be  required  to hold
securities during declining markets.


                                       11
<PAGE>

Bancorp Parent Company

Bancorp Parent Company  segment  operations  include the costs of  acquisitions,
financing of acquisitions,  goodwill amortization and impairment,  contributions
of capital to its  subsidiaries  and the ownership and management of a portfolio
of public and private equity investments.  Certain affiliates, including certain
of BFC's and Bancorp's executive  officers,  have independently made investments
with their own funds in both public and private  entities in which Bancorp holds
investments.  Bancorp Parent Company  obtains its funds from issuances of equity
securities,  subordinated  debentures,  convertible  subordinated debentures and
subordinated  investment  notes as well as borrowings  from unrelated  financial
institutions  and  dividends  from  BankAtlantic.  These funds are  utilized for
additional investments in BankAtlantic, Levitt Companies, and Ryan Beck, as well
as the  purchase  of  equity  investments  and  dividends  to  its  shareholders
including  BFC.  (See   Management   Discussion  and  Analysis   "Related  Party
Transactions" for a further discussion on equity investments.)

BFC Holding Company

The BFC holding  company  segment  includes all of the operations and all of the
assets which are owned by BFC other than Bancorp and its subsidiaries.  BFC owns
and manages real estate which include the ownership of Burlington  Manufacturers
Outlet Center ("BMOC"),  a shopping center in North Carolina and the unsold land
at Center Port, an industrial  office park developed in Florida.  BFC also holds
mortgage  notes  receivable  that were received in  connection  with the sale of
properties  previously  owned.  The BFC holding  company  segment also  includes
overhead and interest  expense.  The interest expense relates to debts and other
borrowings,  primarily  utilized for the  acquisition  of real estate and equity
securities. Equity investments primarily include equity securities in the retail
and technology sectors and ownership interests in private limited  partnerships.
Subsidiaries  of BFC are the managing  general  partners of the private  limited
partnerships  and the  partnerships'  accounts are included in the  consolidated
financial statements of the Company.

EMPLOYEES

Management believes that its relations with its employees are satisfactory.  The
Company currently  maintains  comprehensive  employee benefit programs which are
considered  by  management to be generally  competitive  with employee  benefits
provided by other major employers in its markets.

The Company's number of employees at the indicated dates were:

                      December 31, 2001   December 31, 2000
                      -----------------   ------------------
                       Full-     Part-     Full-     Part-
                       time      time      time      time
                      -------   -------   --------  --------
BFC                       6         1         6         1
BankAtlantic            830        85       836       112
Levitt  Companies       202        27       170        35
Ryan Beck               300        13       272        18
                      -----     -----     -----     -----

   Total              1,338       126     1,284       166
                      =====     =====     =====     =====

BankAtlantic added approximately 166 full time equivalent  employees as a direct
result of the Community Savings Bankshares, Inc. acquisition on March 22, 2002.

On January 30,  2002,  BankAtlantic  announced  a seven day  banking  initiative
scheduled to begin on April 1, 2002.  This  initiative  will  include  Saturday,
Sunday and  extended  weekday  branch  banking and 24 hour call  center  access.
BankAtlantic's  management  anticipates  that it will be  necessary  to employ a
significant number of additional employees in connection with the implementation
of the seven day banking initiative.

COMPETITION

BankAtlantic is one of the largest financial  institutions  headquartered in the
State of Florida.  BankAtlantic  has  substantial  competition in attracting and
retaining  deposits and in lending  funds.  BankAtlantic  competes not only with
financial  institutions  headquartered  in the State of Florida


                                       12
<PAGE>

but also with a growing number of financial  institutions  headquartered outside
of Florida which are active in Florida. Many of BankAtlantic's  competitors have
substantially  greater  financial  resources than  BankAtlantic has and, in some
cases, operate under fewer regulatory constraints.

Levitt  Companies  is engaged in the real estate  development  and  construction
industry.  The business of developing  and selling  residential  properties  and
planned  communities is highly  competitive  and  fragmented.  Levitt  Companies
competes  with  numerous  large and small  builders  on the basis of a number of
interrelated factors, including location, reputation, amenities, design, quality
and price. Some competing builders have nationwide  operations and substantially
greater financial  resources.  Levitt Companies' products must also compete with
re-sales of existing homes and available rental housing. In general, the housing
industry is cyclical and is affected by consumer  confidence levels,  prevailing
economic  conditions and interest  rates. A variety of factors affect the demand
for new  homes,  including  the  availability  and cost of labor and  materials,
changes in costs  associated  with home  ownership,  overbuilding,  a surplus of
available real estate offerings in the market or decreases in demand, changes in
consumer  preferences,  demographic  trends  and the  availability  of  mortgage
financing.

Ryan Beck is engaged  in  investment  banking,  securities  brokerage  and asset
management  activities  all  of  which  are  extremely  competitive  businesses.
Competitors include:

     o    All of the member  organizations  of the New York Stock  Exchange  and
          NASD,
     o    Banks,
     o    Insurance companies,
     o    Investment companies, and
     o    Financial consultants.

In  addition to its  ownership  in  Bancorp,  BFC owns and  manages  real estate
primarily  through  its  ownership  of BMOC.  In  connection  with  its  leasing
activities,  BMOC competes with other  shopping  centers and outlet  centers for
tenants.  There are also owners of other buildings  within BMOC that compete for
the same tenants as BMOC.

REGULATION AND SUPERVISION

General

     As the holder of approximately 23% of all of Bancorp's  outstanding  Common
Stock,  BFC is a unitary  savings bank  holding  company  subject to  regulatory
oversight by the Office of Thrift Supervision  ("OTS"). In addition,  Bancorp is
also a savings bank holding  company and is subject to the same oversight by the
OTS. As such,  both are required to register with the OTS and are subject to OTS
regulations,  examinations, supervision and reporting requirements. In addition,
the OTS has enforcement authority non-savings bank subsidiaries including Levitt
Companies and Ryan,  Beck & Co. Among other things,  this authority  permits the
OTS to restrict or prohibit  activities that are determined to be a serious risk
to the financial safety, soundness or stability of a subsidiary savings bank.

HOLA  prohibits a savings  bank  holding  company,  directly or  indirectly,  or
through one or more subsidiaries, from acquiring another savings bank or holding
company  thereof,  without  prior  written  approval  of the OTS;  acquiring  or
retaining,  with certain  exceptions,  more than 5% of a non-subsidiary  savings
bank, a non-subsidiary  holding company, or a non-subsidiary  company engaged in
activities other than those permitted by HOLA; or acquiring or retaining control
of a depository  institution  that is not insured by the FDIC.  In evaluating an
application  by a  holding  company  to  acquire a  savings  bank,  the OTS must
consider the financial  and  managerial  resources  and future  prospects of the
company and savings bank involved,  the effect of the acquisition on the risk to
the insurance  funds, the convenience and needs of the community and competitive
factors.

Unitary savings and loan holding  companies,  generally are not restricted under
existing  laws as to the types of business  activities in which they may engage,
provided that the Bank continues to satisfy the Qualified  Thrift Lender ("QTL")
test. See "- Regulation of Federal Savings Banks - QTL Test" for a discussion of
the  QTL  requirements.  If we were to  make a  non-supervisory  acquisition  of
another  savings bank or of a savings bank that meets the QTL test and is deemed
to be a savings bank by the OTS and that will be held as a separate  subsidiary,
we would become a multiple  savings bank holding company and would be subject to
limitations  on the types of business  activities  in which we can engage.  HOLA
limits the  activities  of a  multiple  savings  bank  holding  company  and its
non-insured  bank  subsidiaries  primarily to  activities  permissible  for bank
holding  companies  under Section  4(c)(8) of the BHC Act,  subject to the prior
approval of the OTS, and to other activities authorized by OTS regulation.


                                       13
<PAGE>

BankAtlantic is a member of the FHLB system and its deposit accounts are insured
up to applicable  limits by the FDIC.  BankAtlantic  is subject to  supervision,
examination  and  regulation  by the OTS and by the FDIC as the  insurer  of its
deposits.  BankAtlantic  must file reports with the OTS and the FDIC  concerning
its  activities and financial  condition.  BankAtlantic  must obtain  regulatory
approvals  prior  to  entering  into  certain   transactions  and  dividends  by
BankAtlantic  to  Bancorp  are  limited  by  regulation.  The OTS  and the  FDIC
periodically   review   BankAtlantic's   compliance   with  various   regulatory
requirements.   The  regulatory  structure  also  gives  regulatory  authorities
extensive  discretion with respect to the  classification of non-performing  and
other assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory
purposes.

Transactions between the Bank, including any of the Bank's subsidiaries,  and us
or  any of  the  Bank's  affiliates,  are  subject  to  various  conditions  and
limitations.  See  "Regulation  of Federal  Savings  Banks -  Transactions  with
Related  Parties."  The  Bank  must  file a  notice  with  the OTS  prior to any
declaration  of the payment of any dividends or other capital  distributions  to
Bancorp.  See -  "Regulation  of Federal  Savings  Banks - Limitation on Capital
Distributions."

The Bank

General

The Bank is subject to extensive regulation, examination, and supervision by the
OTS, as its chartering agency, and the FDIC, as its deposit insurer.  The Bank's
deposit accounts are insured up to applicable  limits by the Bank Insurance Fund
("BIF")  and  the  Savings   Association   Insurance  Fund  ("SAIF")  which  are
administered  by the FDIC.  The Bank must file reports with the OTS and the FDIC
concerning its activities and financial condition, and it must obtain regulatory
approvals prior to entering into certain transactions,  such as mergers with, or
acquisitions of, other depository institutions or forming subsidiaries.  The OTS
and the FDIC conduct periodic  examinations to assess the Bank's compliance with
various regulatory  requirements.  This regulation and supervision establishes a
comprehensive  framework of activities in which a savings bank can engage and is
intended primarily for the protection of the insurance fund and depositors.

The OTS and the FDIC  have  significant  discretion  in  connection  with  their
supervisory  and  enforcement  activities and  examination  policies,  including
policies with respect to the  classification  of assets and the establishment of
adequate  loan  loss  reserves  for  regulatory  purposes.  Any  change  in such
policies,  whether by the OTS, the FDIC or the  Congress,  could have a material
adverse impact on us, the Bank, and the operations of both.

The following  discussion  is intended to be a summary of the material  statutes
and  regulations  applicable to savings  banks,  and it does not purport to be a
comprehensive description of all such statutes and regulations.

Regulation of Federal Savings Banks

Business Activities. The Bank derives its lending and investment powers from the
HOLA  and  the  regulations  of the  OTS  there  under.  Under  these  laws  and
regulations,  the Bank may invest in mortgage loans secured by  residential  and
commercial  real estate,  commercial and consumer  loans,  certain types of debt
securities,  and  certain  other  assets.  The Bank may also  establish  service
corporations  that may engage in activities  not otherwise  permissible  for the
Bank,  including  certain real estate  equity  investments  and  securities  and
insurance brokerage. These investment powers are subject to various limitations,
including  (a) a  prohibition  against the  acquisition  of any  corporate  debt
security that is not rated in one of the four highest rating  categories;  (b) a
limit of 400% of a bank's  capital on the  aggregate  amount of loans secured by
non-residential  real estate property;  (c) a limit of 20% of a bank's assets on
commercial loans, with the amount of commercial loans in excess of 10% of assets
being limited to small business loans;  (d) a limit of 35% of a bank's assets on
the  aggregate  amount  of  consumer  loans and  acquisitions  of  certain  debt
securities; (e) a limit of 5% of assets on non-conforming loans (loans in excess
of the specific  limitations  of HOLA);  and (f) a limit of the greater of 5% of
assets or bank's capital on certain  construction  loans made for the purpose of
financing what is or is expected to become residential property.

Loans to One Borrower.  Under HOLA,  savings banks are generally  subject to the
same  limits  on  loans  to one  borrower  as are  imposed  on  national  banks.
Generally,  under  these  limits,  a savings  bank may not make a loan or extend
credit to a single or related  group of borrowers in excess of 15% of the bank's
unimpaired  capital and surplus.  Additional  loans or  extensions of credit are
permitted  of up to 10% of  unimpaired  capital  and  surplus  if they are fully
secured by readily-marketable  collateral. Such collateral includes certain debt
and equity  securities  and gold bullion,  but  generally  does not include real
estate.  At December  31,  2001,  the Bank's  limit on loans to one borrower was
$58.8  million.  At December 31, 2001, the Bank's  largest


                                       14
<PAGE>

aggregate  amount of loans to one  borrower  was $41.1  million  and the  second
largest borrower had an aggregate balance of $40.8 million.

QTL Test.  HOLA  requires  a savings  bank to meet a  Qualified  Thrift  Lending
("QTL") test by maintaining  at least 65% of its  "portfolio  assets" in certain
"qualified  thrift  investments"  in at least  nine  months  of the most  recent
twelve-month  period. A savings bank that fails the QTL test must either operate
under certain  restrictions  on its activities or convert to a bank charter.  At
December 31, 2001, the Bank maintained 82% of its portfolio  assets in qualified
thrift  investments.  The Bank had  also  satisfied  the QTL test in each of the
prior 12 months and,  therefore,  was a qualified  thrift lender. A savings bank
may also  satisfy the QTL test by  qualifying  as a "domestic  building and loan
association" as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

Capital  Requirements.  The OTS regulations  require savings banks to meet three
minimum capital standards: a tangible capital ratio requirement of 1.5% of total
assets as adjusted  under the OTS  regulations  and a risk-based  capital  ratio
requirement of 8% of core and supplementary  capital to total risk-based assets.
The OTS  regulations  also provide that the minimum  leverage  capital ratio, or
core capital to total adjusted  assets,  under OTS  regulations for a depository
institution  that has been assigned the highest  composite rating of 1 under the
Uniform  Financial  Institutions  Rating  is 3% and  that the  minimum  leverage
capital  ratio  for any  other  depository  institution  is 4%,  unless a higher
capital ratio is warranted by the  particular  circumstances  or risk profile of
the depository  institution.  In determining the amount of risk-weighted  assets
for purposes of the risk-based capital requirement,  a savings bank must compute
its risk-based  assets by multiplying its assets and certain  off-balance  sheet
items by  risk-weights,  which range from 0% for cash and obligations  issued by
the  United  States  Government  or its  agencies,  to  100%  for  consumer  and
commercial  loans, as assigned by the OTS capital  regulation based on the risks
OTS believes are inherent in the type of asset.

The table below  presents the Bank's  regulatory  capital as compared to the OTS
regulatory capital requirements at December 31, 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          For the Year Ended December 31, 2001
                       -------------------------------------------             Well
                                                 Minimum Capital           Capitalized
                              Actual               Requirement         -------------------
                        Amount      Ratio       Amount     Ratio        Amount     Ratio
                       -------------------     -------------------     ----------  -------
                                      (In thousands)
<S>                    <C>           <C>       <C>           <C>       <C>           <C>
Tangible capital       $346,057      8.02%     $ 64,707      1.50%     $ 64,707      1.50%
Core capital           $346,057      8.02%     $172,551      4.00%     $215,689      5.00%
Risk-based capital     $383,295     12.90%     $237,648      8.00%     $297,060     10.00%
</TABLE>

The following is a reconciliation of generally  accepted  accounting  principles
(GAAP) capital to regulatory capital for the Bank at December 31, 2001:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Risk-
                                       Tangible           Core              Based
                                       Capital           Capital           Capital
                                     -----------       -----------        ----------
                                                     (In thousands)
<S>                                  <C>                <C>                <C>
GAAP capital                         $ 370,503          $ 370,503          $ 370,503
Non-allowable assets:
Other comprehensive income              (8,292)            (8,292)            (8,292)
Goodwill                               (16,154)           (16,154)           (16,154)
General valuation allowances                --                 --             37,238
                                     ---------          ---------          ---------
Regulatory capital                     346,057            346,057            383,295
Minimum capital requirement             64,707            172,551            237,648
                                     ---------          ---------          ---------
Regulatory capital excess            $ 281,350          $ 173,506          $ 145,647
                                     =========          =========          =========
</TABLE>


                                       15
<PAGE>

Limitation  on  Capital   Distributions.   OTS  regulations   currently   impose
limitations upon capital distributions by savings banks, such as cash dividends,
payments to repurchase or otherwise acquire its shares, payments to shareholders
of another  institution in a cash-out merger,  and other  distributions  charged
against capital.

Under the OTS regulations governing capital distributions, certain savings banks
are  permitted to pay capital  distributions  during a calendar year that do not
exceed the bank's net income for the year plus its  retained  net income for the
prior two years,  without  notice to, or the  approval of, the OTS. In addition,
the OTS can  prohibit a proposed  capital  distribution,  otherwise  permissible
under the regulation, if the OTS has determined that the savings bank is in need
of more than normal supervision or if it determines that a proposed distribution
by a savings bank would constitute an unsafe or unsound  practice.  Furthermore,
under the OTS prompt corrective action regulations, the Bank would be prohibited
from making any capital distribution if, after the distribution, the Bank failed
to meet its minimum capital  requirements,  as described  above.  See " - Prompt
Corrective Regulatory Action."

Liquidity.  The Bank is required to maintain sufficient  liquidity to ensure its
safe and sound  operation.  The Bank's average  liquidity  ratio at December 31,
2001 was 17%.

Assessments.  Savings banks are required by OTS regulation to pay assessments to
the OTS to fund the  operations  of the OTS. The general  assessment,  paid on a
semi-annual  basis,  is based on the  savings  bank's  total  assets,  including
consolidated  subsidiaries,  as reported in the bank's latest  quarterly  Thrift
Financial Report.  The Bank's assessment  expense during the year ended December
31, 2001 totaled $697,000.

Branching.  Subject to certain limitations,  HOLA and the OTS regulations permit
federally  chartered  savings  banks to  establish  branches in any state of the
United States.

Community  Reinvestment.  Under the CRA, as  implemented by OTS  regulations,  a
savings bank has a continuing and  affirmative  obligation  consistent  with its
safe and sound operation to help meet the credit needs of its entire  community,
including low and moderate  income  neighborhoods.  The CRA requires the OTS, in
connection  with its  examination of a savings bank, to assess the bank's record
of meeting  the  credit  needs of its  community  and to take such  record  into
account in its  evaluation of certain  applications  by such bank.  The CRA also
requires all  institutions to make public  disclosure of their CRA ratings.  The
Bank  received  a  "satisfactory"   CRA  performance   evaluation.   Regulations
implementing  the  requirements   under  Gramm-Leach  that  insured   depository
institutions publicly disclose certain agreements that are in fulfillment of CRA
became effective on April 1, 2001.  BankAtlantic has no such agreements in place
at this time.

Transactions   with  Related   Parties.   The  Bank's  authority  to  engage  in
transactions  with its  "affiliates"  is limited by the OTS  regulations  and by
Sections  23A and  23B of the  Federal  Reserve  Act  ("FRA").  In  general,  an
affiliate of the Bank is any company that controls the Bank or any other company
that is  controlled  by a company that  controls the Bank,  excluding the Bank's
subsidiaries  other  than  those  that  are  insured  depository   institutions.
Currently,  a subsidiary of a bank that is not also a depository  institution is
not treated as an  affiliate  of the bank for  purposes of Sections 23A and 23B,
but the Federal Reserve Bank has proposed treating any subsidiary of a bank that
is engaged in activities not  permissible  for bank holding  companies under the
BHCA as an affiliate  for purposes of Sections 23A and 23B. The OTS  regulations
prohibit  a  savings  bank (a) from  lending  to any of its  affiliates  that is
engaged in activities that are not permissible for bank holding  companies under
Section 4(c) of the Bank Holding Company Act ("BHC Act") and (b) from purchasing
the securities of any affiliate other than a subsidiary.  Section 23A limits the
aggregate  amount of  transactions  with any individual  affiliate to 10% of the
capital and surplus of the savings bank and also limits the aggregate  amount of
transactions  with all  affiliates  to 20% of the  savings  bank's  capital  and
surplus.  Extensions  of credit to  affiliates  are  required  to be  secured by
collateral in an amount and of a type described in Section 23A, and the purchase
of low quality  assets from  affiliates  is  generally  prohibited.  Section 23B
provides that certain  transactions  with affiliates,  including loans and asset
purchases, must be on terms and under circumstances, including credit standards,
that are  substantially  the same or at least as  favorable to the Bank as those
prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with nonaffiliated companies.
In the absence of  comparable  transactions,  such  transactions  may only occur
under terms and  circumstances,  including  credit  standards that in good faith
would be offered to or would apply to  non-affiliated  companies.  On October 1,
2001, the Bank made a special  dividend to Bancorp of all the outstanding  stock
of Levitt  Companies,  and Levitt  Companies  thereupon  became a subsidiary  of
Bancorp instead of the Bank. As a consequence, transactions between the Bank and
Levitt Companies became subject to the regulations and statutes  described above
and in connection with the transaction the OTS issued a "no action" letter which
effectively grandfathered all then-outstanding loans, commitments and letters of
credit ("Levitt  Loans") from the Bank to Levitt.  In addition,  the Bank agreed
that it would


                                       16
<PAGE>

not engage in any covered  transactions  with any affiliates until the aggregate
amount of all covered  transactions,  including  the Levitt  Loans,  falls below
twenty percent of the Bank's capital stock and surplus.

The Bank's authority to extend credit to its directors,  executive officers, and
10%  shareholders,  as well  as to  entities  controlled  by  such  persons,  is
currently  governed by the  requirements  of Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the FRA
and Regulation O of the Federal  Reserve Board ("FRB")  thereunder.  Among other
things,  these  provisions  require that extensions of credit to insiders (a) be
made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting
procedures  that are not less stringent  than,  those  prevailing for comparable
transactions  with  unaffiliated  persons and that do not involve  more than the
normal risk of  repayment  or present  other  unfavorable  features  and (b) not
exceed  certain  limitations  on the amount of credit  extended to such persons,
individually  and in the  aggregate,  which  limits are based,  in part,  on the
amount of the bank's  capital.  In addition,  extensions  of credit in excess of
certain limits must be approved by the Bank's board of directors.

Enforcement.  Under the Federal Deposit  Insurance Act ("FDI Act"),  the OTS has
primary  enforcement  responsibility over savings banks and has the authority to
bring enforcement action against all "institution-affiliated parties," including
any  controlling  stockholder  or  any  shareholder,   attorney,  appraiser  and
accountant  who  knowingly  or  recklessly  participates  in  any  violation  of
applicable  law or  regulation  or breach of  fiduciary  duty or  certain  other
wrongful actions that cause or are likely to cause a more than a minimal loss or
other significant adverse effect on an insured savings bank.

Standards for Safety and Soundness. Pursuant to the requirements of the FDI Act,
as  amended  by FDICIA  and the  Riegle  Community  Development  and  Regulatory
Improvement Act of 1994 ("Community  Development  Act"), the OTS,  together with
the other  federal bank  regulatory  agencies,  have adopted a set of guidelines
prescribing safety and soundness  standards pursuant to FDICIA, as amended.  The
guidelines  establish  general  standards  relating  to  internal  controls  and
information  systems,   internal  audit  systems,  loan  documentation,   credit
underwriting,  interest rate exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings and
compensation, fees and benefits. In general, the guidelines require, among other
things,  appropriate  systems and practices to identify and manage the risks and
exposures specified in the guidelines.

Real Estate Lending  Standards.  The OTS and the other federal banking  agencies
adopted regulations to prescribe standards for extensions of credit that (a) are
secured  by real  estate  or (b) are  made  for the  purpose  of  financing  the
construction of improvements  on real estate.  The OTS regulations  require each
savings bank to establish  and maintain  written  internal  real estate  lending
standards  that are  consistent  with OTS  guidelines  and with  safe and  sound
banking  practices  and  which are  appropriate  to the size of the bank and the
nature and scope of its real estate lending activities.

Prompt  Corrective  Regulatory  Action.  Under the OTS prompt  corrective action
regulations,  the OTS is required to take  certain,  and is  authorized  to take
other,  supervisory  actions against  undercapitalized  savings banks.  For this
purpose,  a savings bank would be placed in one of five categories  based on the
bank's capital.  Generally,  a savings bank is treated as "well  capitalized" if
its ratio of total capital to risk-weighted  assets is at least 10.0%, its ratio
of core  capital to  risk-weighted  assets is at least  6.0%,  its ratio of core
capital to total assets is at least 5.0%,  and it is not subject to any order or
directive  by the  OTS  to  meet a  specific  capital  level.  The  most  recent
notification from the Office of Thrift Supervision categorized the Bank as "well
capitalized" under the regulatory  framework for prompt corrective action. There
are no conditions or events since that  notification  that  management  believes
have changed the institution's category. See  "- Capital Requirements."

The severity of the action  authorized  or required to be taken under the prompt
corrective action regulations  increases as a bank's capital deteriorates within
the three  undercapitalized  categories.  All banks are  prohibited  from paying
dividends  or other  capital  distributions  or  paying  management  fees to any
controlling  person  if,  following  such   distribution,   the  bank  would  be
undercapitalized.  An  undercapitalized  bank  is  required  to  file a  capital
restoration  plan within 45 days of the date the bank receives notice that it is
within any of the three  undercapitalized  categories.  The OTS is  required  to
monitor  closely the condition of an  undercapitalized  bank and to restrict the
asset growth, acquisitions, branching, and new lines of business of such a bank.
If one or more  grounds  exist for  appointing a  conservator  or receiver for a
bank,  the OTS may  require  the bank to issue  additional  debt or stock,  sell
assets, be acquired by a depository bank holding company or combine with another
depository  bank. The OTS and the FDIC have a broad range of grounds under which
they may appoint a receiver or conservator for an insured  depository bank. When
appropriate,  the OTS can require  corrective  action by a savings  bank holding
company under the "prompt corrective action" provisions of FDICIA.

Insurance  of  Deposit  Accounts.  Savings  banks are  subject  to a  risk-based
assessment system for determining the deposit  insurance  assessments to be paid
by insured  depository  institutions.  Under the risk-based  assessment  system,
which began in 1993,  the FDIC assigns an  institution  to one of three  capital
categories based on the institution's  financial information as of


                                       17
<PAGE>

the  reporting  period.  The  supervisory  subgroup to which an  institution  is
assigned  is based upon a  supervisory  evaluation  provided  to the FDIC by the
institution's primary federal regulator and information that the FDIC determines
to be relevant to the  institution's  financial  condition and the risk posed to
the deposit  insurance  funds. An  institution's  assessment rate depends on the
capital  category and supervisory  category to which it is assigned.  Assessment
rates  currently  range from 0.0% of deposits for an  institution in the highest
category (i.e.,  well-capitalized and financially sound, with no more than a few
minor weaknesses) to 0.27% of deposits for an institution in the lowest category
(i.e.,  undercapitalized  and  substantial  supervisory  concern).  The  FDIC is
authorized to raise the  assessment  rates as necessary to maintain the required
reserve  ratio of 1.25%.  Both the BIF and SAIF  currently  satisfy  the reserve
ratio  requirement.  If the FDIC  determines  that  assessment  rates  should be
increased,  institutions in all risk categories could be affected.  The FDIC has
exercised  this  authority  several times in the past and could raise  insurance
assessment  rates in the  future.  If such  action  is taken,  it could  have an
adverse effect upon the earnings of the Bank

Privacy  and  Security  Protection.  The OTS has  recently  adopted  regulations
implementing the privacy protection provisions of Gramm-Leach.  The regulations,
which  require  each  financial  institution  to  adopt  procedures  to  protect
customers' and customers'  "non-public  personal  information"  became effective
November 13,  2000.  The Bank has a privacy  protection  policy which we believe
complies  with  applicable  regulations.  In  February  2001,  the OTS and other
federal  banking  agencies  finalized  guidelines   establishing  standards  for
safeguarding   customer   information   to  implement   certain   provisions  of
Gramm-Leach.   The  guidelines  describe  the  agencies'  expectations  for  the
creation, implementation and maintenance of an information security program. The
new  regulation  became  effective on July 1, 2001.  BankAtlantic  believes that
these regulations will not have a material impact upon our operations.

Insurance  Activities.  As a federal  savings  bank,  BankAtlantic  is generally
permitted to engage in certain insurance  activities through  subsidiaries.  OTS
regulations promulgated pursuant to Gramm-Leach prohibit depository institutions
from  conditioning  the  extension  of credit to  individuals  upon  either  the
purchase of an insurance  product or annuity or an agreement by the consumer not
to  purchase  an  insurance  product  or  annuity  from  an  entity  that is not
affiliated with the depository  institution.  The regulation also requires prior
disclosure  of this  prohibition  to  potential  insurance  product  or  annuity
customers.

Federal  Home Loan  Bank  System.  The Bank is a member of the FHLB of  Atlanta,
which is one of the regional FHLBs composing the FHLB System. Each FHLB provides
a central credit facility primarily for its member institutions.  The Bank, as a
member of the FHLB of Atlanta, is required to acquire and hold shares of capital
stock in the FHLB.  The Bank was in  compliance  with this  requirement  with an
investment  in FHLB stock at December 31, 2001, of $56.4  million.  Any advances
from a FHLB must be secured by specified types of collateral,  and all long-term
advances may be obtained only for the purpose of providing funds for residential
housing finance. The FHLB of Atlanta paid dividends on the capital stock of $3.7
million during the year ended  December 31, 2001. If dividends were reduced,  or
interest on future FHLB advances increased, the Bank's net interest income would
likely also be reduced.

Federal  Reserve  System.  The Bank is subject to  provisions of the FRA and the
FRB's regulations,  pursuant to which depository institutions may be required to
maintain  non-interest-earning  reserves  against  their  deposit  accounts  and
certain  other  liabilities.  Currently,  reserves  must be  maintained  against
transaction  accounts  (primarily NOW and regular  checking  accounts).  The FRB
regulations generally require that reserves be maintained in the amount of 3% of
the  aggregate  of  transaction  accounts  up to $42.8  million.  The  amount of
aggregate  transaction accounts in excess of $42.8 million are currently subject
to a reserve  ratio of 10%,  which ratio the FRB may adjust  between 8% and 14%.
The FRB  regulations  currently  exempt  $5.5  million of  otherwise  reservable
balances from the reserve  requirements,  which exemption is adjusted by the FRB
at the end of each year.  The Bank is in compliance  with the foregoing  reserve
requirements. Because required reserves must be maintained in the form of either
vault cash,  a  non-interest-bearing  account at a Federal  Reserve  Bank,  or a
pass-through  account  as  defined  by the  FRB,  the  effect  of  this  reserve
requirement  is to reduce  the  Bank's  interest-earning  assets.  The  balances
maintained  to meet the reserve  requirements  imposed by the FRB may be used to
satisfy liquidity  requirements imposed by the OTS. FHLB System members are also
authorized  to  borrow  from the  Federal  Reserve  "discount  window,"  but FRB
regulations  require  such  institutions  to  exhaust  all FHLB  sources  before
borrowing from a Federal Reserve Bank.


                                       18
<PAGE>

Federal Securities Laws

BFC's Class A Common  Stock,  BFC's Class B Common Stock and  Bancorp's  Class A
Common Stock are registered  with the SEC under the Exchange Act. As such,  both
BFC and Bancorp  are subject to the  information,  proxy  solicitation,  insider
trading restrictions and other requirements under the Exchange Act.

Levitt Companies

Homes,  residential  communities  and  commercial  developments  built by Levitt
Companies  and its  subsidiaries  must  comply  with  state and  local  laws and
regulations  relating to, among other  things,  zoning,  environmental  matters,
treatment of waste,  construction  materials which must be used, sales,  density
requirements, building design and minimum elevation of properties. These include
laws  requiring  use  of  construction  materials  which  reduce  the  need  for
energy-consuming heating and cooling systems and to better withstand hurricanes.
These laws and  regulations  are subject to frequent  change and often  increase
construction costs. In some cases, there are laws which require that commitments
to  provide  roads and other  offsite  infrastructure  be in place  prior to the
commencement  of new  construction.  These  laws  and  regulations  are  usually
administered by individual  counties and  municipalities  and may result in fees
and assessments or building  moratoriums.  In addition,  certain new development
projects are subject to assessments for schools, parks, streets and highways and
other public  improvements,  the costs of which can be  substantial.  Compliance
with these  regulations  has  extended the time  required to market  projects by
prolonging the time between the initiation of projects and the  commencement and
completion of  construction.  Levitt Companies is currently in various stages of
securing governmental  approvals for its development and homebuilding  projects.
Delay or inability to obtain all required  approvals  for a project could have a
material adverse effect on the marketability or profitability of a project.

The  residential  homebuilding  and  commercial  construction  industry  also is
subject to a variety of local, state and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and
regulations   concerning   the   protection  of  health  and  the   environment.
Environmental  laws and  conditions  may  result in  delays,  may  cause  Levitt
Companies to incur  substantial  compliance and other costs, and can prohibit or
severely  restrict  building  activity in  environmentally  sensitive regions or
areas.

Ryan Beck

The securities industry in the United States is subject to extensive  regulation
under both federal and state laws.  The SEC is the federal  agency  charged with
administration  of the  federal  securities  laws.  Much  of the  regulation  of
broker-dealers  has been delegated to self-regulatory  authorities,  principally
the NASD and, in the case of  broker-dealers  that are  members of a  securities
exchange,   the   particular   securities   exchange.    These   self-regulatory
organizations   conduct  periodic   examinations  of  member  broker-dealers  in
accordance  with rules they have adopted and amended from time to time,  subject
to approval by the SEC.

Securities firms are also subject to regulation by state securities  commissions
in those  states in which they do business.  As of December 31, 2001,  Ryan Beck
was registered as a broker-dealer in 50 states and the District of Columbia. The
principal  purpose  of  regulation  and  discipline  of  broker-dealers  is  the
protection  of clients and the  securities  markets,  rather than  protection of
creditors  and  stockholders  of   broker-dealers.   The  regulations  to  which
broker-dealers  are  subject  cover  all  aspects  of the  securities  business,
including  sales  methods,  trading  practices  among  broker-dealers,  uses and
safekeeping of clients' funds and  securities,  capital  structure of securities
firms, recordkeeping and reporting, fee arrangements,  disclosure to clients and
the conduct of directors, officers and employees.

Additionally,   legislation,  changes  in  rules  promulgated  by  the  SEC  and
self-regulatory  authorities, or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of
existing laws and rules, may directly affect the operations and profitability of
broker-dealers.  The  SEC,  self-regulatory  authorities  and  state  securities
commissions may conduct administrative  proceedings which can result in censure,
fine,  suspension  or expulsion of a  broker-dealer,  its officers or employees.
Such administrative  proceedings,  whether or not resulting in adverse findings,
can require substantial expenditures.  The profitability of broker-dealers could
also be  affected  by rules  and  regulations  which  impact  the  business  and
financial  communities  in  general,  including  changes  to the laws  governing
taxation, antitrust regulation and electronic commerce.

As a broker-dealer,  Ryan Beck is required by federal law to belong to, and is a
member of, the Securities Investor Protection Corp. ("SIPC"), which provides, in
the event of the liquidation of a broker-dealer,  protection for securities held
in client


                                       19
<PAGE>

accounts held by the firm of up to $500,000 per client,  subject to a limitation
of $100,000 for claims of cash balances.  SIPC is funded through  assessments on
registered broker-dealers

Ryan Beck is subject  to the net  capital  provision  of Rule  15c3-1  under the
Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934.  The Net Capital Rule  specifies  minimum net
capital requirements that are intended to ensure the general financial soundness
and  liquidity of  broker-dealers.  Failure to maintain the required net capital
may subject a firm to suspension or expulsion by the NYSE and the NASD,  certain
punitive  actions by the SEC and other  regulatory  bodies,  and  ultimately may
require a firm's liquidation.  At December 31, 2001, Ryan Beck was in compliance
with all applicable capital requirements.

Ryan Beck operates under the  provisions of paragraph  (K)(2)(ii) of Rule 15c3-3
of the SEC as a fully-disclosed  broker and, accordingly,  customer accounts are
carried on the books of the clearing broker.  However,  Ryan Beck safe keeps and
redeems  municipal bond coupons for the benefit of its  customers.  Accordingly,
Ryan Beck is subject to the provisions of SEC Rule 15c3-3 relating to possession
or control and customer  reserve  requirements  and was in compliance  with such
provisions at December 31, 2001.

Restrictions on Bancorp's Ability to Pay Dividends to BFC

While there is no  assurance  that  Bancorp  will pay  dividends  in the future,
Bancorp has paid a regular quarterly  dividend to its common  stockholders since
August 1993 and management of Bancorp has indicated that it will seek to declare
regular  quarterly  cash  dividends on the Bancorp  Common Stock.  However,  the
payment of dividends by Bancorp is subject to declaration by Bancorp's  Board of
Directors and applicable indenture restrictions and loan covenants and will also
depend upon, among other things, the results of operations,  financial condition
and cash  requirements  of Bancorp  and on the  ability of  BankAtlantic  to pay
dividends or otherwise advance funds to Bancorp, which in turn is subject to OTS
regulations and is based upon  BankAtlantic's  regulatory capital levels and net
income.

BankAtlantic must file a capital  distribution notice or a capital  distribution
application with the OTS in connection with  distributions  to Bancorp.  Current
regulations  applicable to the payment of cash dividends by savings institutions
impose  limits on capital  distributions  based on an  institution's  regulatory
capital levels.

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

In July 2001, the FASB issued Statement No. 141,  "Business  Combinations",  and
Statement  No.  142,  "Goodwill  and Other  Intangible  Assets."  Statement  141
requires  that the  purchase  method  of  accounting  be used  for all  business
combinations  initiated  after  June  30,  2001 as well as all  purchase  method
business  combinations  completed  after  June  30,  2001.  Statement  141  also
specifies  criteria  which  intangible  assets  acquired  in a  purchase  method
business  combination  must  meet  to be  recognized  and  reported  apart  from
goodwill.  Statement 142 will require that goodwill and  intangible  assets with
indefinite  useful  lives  no  longer  be  amortized,  but  instead  tested  for
impairment at least annually in accordance with the provisions of Statement 142.
Statement  142 will also require that  intangible  assets with  definite  useful
lives  be  amortized  over  their  respective  estimated  useful  lives to their
estimated  residual  values,  and reviewed for  impairment  in  accordance  with
Statement  No. 144,  "Accounting  for the  Impairment  or Disposal of Long-Lived
Assets".  The Company was  required to adopt the  provisions  of  Statement  141
immediately and adopted Statement 142 on January 1, 2002.

In connection with the transitional  goodwill impairment  evaluation,  Statement
142 will  require the Company to perform an  assessment  of whether  there is an
indication  that goodwill is impaired as of the date of adoption.  To accomplish
this the Company must  identify our  reporting  units and determine the carrying
value of each reporting unit by assigning the assets and liabilities,  including
the existing goodwill and intangible  assets, to those reporting units as of the
date of  adoption.  The Company will then have up to six months from the date of
adoption to determine  the fair value of each  reporting  unit and compare it to
the reporting unit's carrying amount.  To the extent a reporting unit's carrying
amount exceeds its fair value,  an indication  exists that the reporting  unit's
goodwill  may be impaired  and the Company  must  perform the second step of the
transitional  impairment  test. In the second step, the Company must compare the
implied fair value of the reporting  unit's  goodwill,  determined by allocating
the  reporting  unit's  fair  value  to  all  of  its  assets   (recognized  and
unrecognized) and liabilities in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation
in accordance with Statement 141, to its carrying amount, both of which would be
measured  as of the  date  of  adoption.  This  second  step is  required  to be
completed  as  soon as  possible,  but no  later  than  the  end of the  year of
adoption. Any transitional  impairment loss will be recognized as the cumulative
effect of a change in accounting principle in our statement of operations.


                                       20
<PAGE>

As of December 31, 2001, the Company had  unamortized  goodwill in the amount of
$39.9 million with annual  amortization  of  approximately  $4.0 million,  which
ceased  upon the  adoption  of  Statement  No.  142.  The  Company is  currently
evaluating the transitional  goodwill  impairment  criteria of Statement No. 142
but is not able to estimate the impact,  if any, that Statement No. 142 may have
on the recorded goodwill. The impairment,  if any, will have to be identified by
June 30, 2002 and measured  and  recorded by the Company no later than  December
31, 2002. The impairment adjustment,  if any, will be recognized as a cumulative
effect of a change in accounting  principle in the results for the first quarter
of 2002.

On July 5, 2001,  the FASB  issued  Statement  No.  143,  "Accounting  for Asset
Retirement  Obligations".  That  standard  requires  entities to record the fair
value of a liability for an asset  retirement  obligation in the period in which
it is incurred. When the liability is initially recorded, the entity capitalizes
a cost by increasing the carrying amount of the related  long-lived  asset. Over
time,  the  liability  is  accreted to its present  value each  period,  and the
capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset.  Upon
settlement of the  liability,  an entity either  settles the  obligation for its
recorded  amount or  incurs a gain or loss  upon  settlement.  The  standard  is
effective  for  fiscal  years  beginning  after  June  15,  2002,  with  earlier
application encouraged.  Management does not believe that Statement No. 143 will
have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

In  August  2001,  the  FASB  issued  Statement  No.  144,  "Accounting  for the
Impairment  or  Disposal  of  Long-Lived  Assets"  This  statement  retains  the
requirements  of Statement No. 121 to (a)  recognize an impairment  loss only if
the  carrying  amount  of  a  long-lived  asset  is  not  recoverable  from  its
undiscounted  cash flows and (b) measure an  impairment  loss as the  difference
between the carrying amount and fair value of the asset. This statement requires
that a long-lived  asset to be  abandoned,  exchanged  for a similar  productive
asset,  or distributed to owners in a spinoff be considered  held and used until
it is disposed  of.  This  statement  requires  that the  depreciable  life of a
long-lived  asset to be  abandoned  be revised  and that an  impairment  loss be
recognized at the date a long-lived asset is exchanged for a similar  productive
asset or distributed to owners in a spinoff if the carrying  amount of the asset
exceeds  its fair  value.  The  accounting  model  for  long-lived  assets to be
disposed of by sale is used for all long-lived  assets,  whether previously held
and used or newly acquired.  That accounting  model measures a long-lived  asset
classified  as held for sale at the lower of its  carrying  amount or fair value
less  cost  to  sell  and  requires   depreciation   (amortization)   to  cease.
Discontinued  operations are no longer measured on a net realizable value basis,
and future operating  losses are no longer  recognized  before they occur.  This
statement retains the basic provisions of Accounting Principles Board Opinion 30
for the  presentation  of  discontinued  operations in the income  statement but
broadens that  presentation  to include a component of an entity  (rather than a
segment of a business).  A component of an entity comprises  operations and cash
flows  that  can be  clearly  distinguished,  operationally  and  for  financial
reporting  purposes,  from the rest of the entity. A component of an entity that
is  classified  as held for sale or that has been  disposed of is presented as a
discontinued operation if the operations and cash flows of the component will be
(or have been)  eliminated  from the  ongoing  operations  of the entity and the
entity will not have any significant continuing involvement in the operations of
the  component.  The  provisions  of this  statement are effective for financial
statements  issued for fiscal years  beginning  after  December  15,  2001,  and
interim periods within those fiscal years,  with early  application  encouraged.
The  provisions of this  statement  generally  are to be applied  prospectively.
Management  does not believe that the adoption of Statement  No. 144 will have a
material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

The Company's and Bancorp's  principal and executive offices are located at 1750
East  Sunrise  Boulevard,  Fort  Lauderdale,   Florida  33304.  In  addition  to
BankAtlantic's  branches,  BankAtlantic  owns three  buildings  and leases  four
locations which house its back office operations. The following table sets forth
owned and leased BankAtlantic branch offices at December 31, 2001:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          Miami -                                                              Wal*Mart (1)
                                          Dade            Broward         Palm Beach        Tampa Bay         Superstores
                                     ---------------   --------------   ---------------   ---------------   ----------------
<S>                                    <C>               <C>              <C>               <C>                <C>
Owned full-service branches                 4               10                10                 3                 --
Leased full-service branches                8               12                 3                 4                  4
                                     ---------------   --------------   ---------------   ---------------   ----------------
Total full-service branches                12               22                13                 7                  4
                                     ===============   ==============   ===============   ===============   ================
  Lease expiration dates               2002-2005         2002-2009        2003-2006         2002-2003          2002-2006
                                     ===============   ==============   ===============   ===============   ================
</TABLE>

(1)  BankAtlantic  expects to sell or close  down the  remaining  four  Wal*Mart
     Superstore branches during 2002.


                                       21
<PAGE>

BankAtlantic also maintains two ground leases in Broward County expiring between
2002 - 2072.

Levitt Companies leases administrative space. The leases expire in 2004 - 2005.

Ryan Beck's office space includes leased facilities in the following states with
year of lease expiration:

                                                 Lease
                   Locations                   Expiration
                   ----------------------------------------
                   New Jersey                  2003 - 2007
                   New York                    2002 - 2007
                   Pennsylvania                       2005
                   Florida                     2002 - 2004
                   Massachusetts                      2004

In  connection  with the  acquisition  of Community in March 2002,  BankAtlantic
acquired 21 additional  branch  locations in Palm Beach,  Martin,  St. Lucie and
Indian  River  Counties  in Florida  (19 of which are owned and two of which are
leased with leases  expiring in 2002 and 2004),  two buildings  which house back
office operations and land for three possible future branch sites.

The Company owns a shopping center known as the Burlington  Manufacturers Outlet
Center located in Burlington,  North Carolina containing  approximately  265,265
leaseable  square  feet.  It is not  utilized  by the Company but is held by the
Company as an investment.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The following is a description of legal  proceedings other than ordinary routine
litigation incidental to the Company's business:

Smith & Company,  Inc., Plaintiff vs. Levitt-Ansca Towne Partnership,  Bellaggio
By  Levitt  Homes,  Inc.,  et  al.,  Defendants/Counter-Plaintiffs  vs.  Smith &
Company,  Inc. and The American  Home  Assurance  Company,  filed in the Circuit
Court of Florida, Palm Beach County,  Fifteenth Circuit, Case No. CL00-12783 AF.
On December 29, 2000, Smith & Company,  Inc. ("Smith") filed this action against
Levitt-Ansca Towne Partnership (the  "Partnership"),  Bellaggio By Levitt Homes,
Inc.  ("BLHI"),  Bellaggio By Ansca, Inc. a/k/a Bellaggio By Ansca Homes,  Inc.,
and  Liberty  Mutual  Insurance  Company  seeking  damages  and other  relief in
connection with an August 21, 2000 contract  entered into with the  Partnership.
BLHI is a 50% partner of the Partnership and is wholly owned by Levitt and Sons.
The Complaint alleged that the Partnership  wrongfully  terminated the contract,
failed to pay for extra work  performed  outside the scope of the  contract  and
breached the contract. The Partnership denied the claims,  asserted defenses and
asserted a number of  counterclaims.  This case was tried before a jury,  and on
March 7, 2002, the jury returned a verdict against the Partnership. On March 11,
2002, the Court entered a final judgment against the Defendants in the amount of
$3.68 million. In addition, under the final judgment it is likely that Smith and
its surety company will be entitled to recover legal fees and other costs. Since
BLHI is a 50% partner of the Partnership, its share of potential liability under
the judgment and for  attorneys'  fees is  estimated  to be  approximately  $2.6
million.  The  Partnership has filed several  post-trial  motions and intends to
vigorously pursue those motions and all available appeals.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

None.


                                       22
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET PRICE OF AND  DIVIDENDS  ON THE  REGISTRANT'S  COMMON  EQUITY AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The  Class A Common  Stock  and the  Class B  Common  Stock  have  substantially
identical terms except that (i) the Class B Common Stock is entitled to one vote
per share while the Class A Common  Stock will have no voting  rights other than
those  required  by Florida  law and (ii) each share of Class B Common  Stock is
convertible at the option of the holder thereof into one share of Class A Common
Stock.

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated,  the high bid and low
asking  prices of the Class A Common  Stock  and the  Class B Common  Stock,  as
reported by the National  Quotation  Bureau,  L.L.C.  The Company's  Class A and
Class B common stock trade on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbols BFCFA and
BFCFB, respectively.

Year:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  Class A Common Stock           Class B Common Stock Price
                                  --------------------           --------------------------
        Quarter                    High           Low                High             Low
        -------                    ----           ---                ----             ---
<S>     <C>                      <C>            <C>                <C>              <C>
1999:
        1st Quarter              $  7.00        $   4.88           $  7.50          $  6.00
        2nd Quarter              $  6.38        $   3.88           $  7.00          $  5.00
        3rd Quarter              $  5.88        $   4.75           $  5.88          $  5.00
        4th Quarter              $  5.13        $   2.94           $  5.75          $  3.00

2000:
        1st Quarter              $  3.50        $   2.94           $  3.75          $  3.13
        2nd Quarter              $  3.31        $   2.88           $  3.25          $  3.00
        3rd Quarter              $  3.13        $   2.63           $  3.19          $  2.56
        4th Quarter              $  3.00        $   2.00           $  3.75          $  2.25

2001:
        1st Quarter              $  4.19        $   2.06           $  4.25          $  2.31
        2nd Quarter              $  6.40        $   4.00           $  6.15          $  4.06
        3rd Quarter              $  7.90        $   4.75           $  7.95          $  5.00
        4th Quarter              $  6.00        $   5.45           $  6.25          $  5.25
</TABLE>


On March 21, 2002, there were approximately  1,100 record holders of the Class A
Common Stock and 1,050 record holders of Class B common stock.

 The last sale price  during  2001 of the  Company's  Class A and Class B common
stock as reported to the Registrant by the National  Quotation  Bureau was $5.90
and $5.65 per share, respectively.

 There are no restrictions on the payment of cash dividends by BFC.

As noted in Part I,  Item I under  "Business  -  Regulation  and  Supervision  -
Restrictions   on  Bancorp's   Ability  to  Pay  Dividends  to  BFC"  there  are
restrictions  on the  payment of  dividends  by  BankAtlantic  to Bancorp and by
Bancorp to its common  shareholders,  including BFC. The primary source of funds
for  payment by Bancorp  of  dividends  to BFC is  currently  dividend  payments
received by Bancorp from BankAtlantic.


                                       23
<PAGE>

ITEM 6.   Selected Consolidated Financial Data

                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      Selected Consolidated Financial Data
              (In thousands, except for share data and percentages)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   For the Years Ended December 31,
                                                        ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income Statement                                          2001              2000              1999           1998            1997
                                                        ---------         ---------         --------       -------         --------
<S>                                                     <C>               <C>               <C>            <C>             <C>
Total interest income                                   $ 326,001         $ 328,896         $  1,529       $ 1,336         $    666
Total interest expense                                    188,838           211,406            1,613         1,912            2,719
                                                        ---------         ---------         --------       -------         --------
Net interest income (expense)                             137,163           117,490              (84)         (576)          (2,053)
Provision for loan losses                                  16,905            29,132              300            --               --
(Losses) gains on securities, net                            (781)           (2,329)              --            --            1,349
Other non-interest income                                 122,149           116,586           14,110         2,729           15,849
Non-interest expense                                      193,262           179,580            2,292         2,202            2,157
                                                        ---------         ---------         --------       -------         --------
Income (loss) before income taxes,
  minority interest, discontinued operations,
   extraordinary items and cumulative
   effect of a change in accounting principle              48,364            23,035           11,434           (49)          12,988
Provision (benefit) for income taxes                       25,396            13,362            4,183          (368)           4,222
Minority interest in income of
  consolidated subsidiaries                                18,379            14,655               --            --               --
                                                        ---------         ---------         --------       -------         --------
Income (loss) before discontinued operations,
   extraordinary items and cumulative
   effect of a change in accounting principle               4,589            (4,982)           7,251           319            8,766
Discontinued operations, net of taxes                          --               669               --            --               --
Extraordinary items, net of taxes                            (253)(j)         7,948(i)           175(h)         61(g)         1,052
Cumulative effect of a change in accounting
   principle, net of taxes                                  1,138(k)             --               --            --               --
                                                        ---------         ---------         --------       -------         --------
Net income                                              $   5,474         $   3,635         $  7,426       $   380         $  9,818
                                                        =========         =========         ========       =======         ========
Common share data (d & e)
Basic earnings (loss) per share before
   discontinued operations, extraordinary items
   and cumulative effect of a change in
   accounting principle                                 $    0.58         $   (0.63)        $   0.91       $  0.04         $   1.10
  Discontinued operations                                      --              0.09               --            --               --
  Extraordinary items                                       (0.03)             1.00             0.02          0.01             0.13
  Cumulative effect of a change in
  accounting principle                                       0.14                --               --            --               --
                                                        ---------         ---------         --------       -------         --------
  Basic earnings per share                              $    0.69         $    0.46         $   0.93       $  0.05         $   1.23
                                                        ---------         ---------         --------       -------         --------
Diluted earnings (loss) per share before
  discontinued operations, extraordinary
  items and cumulative effect of a change in
  accounting principle                                  $    0.52         $   (0.58)        $   0.82       $  0.04         $   1.00
  Discontinued operations                                      --              0.08               --            --               --
  Extraordinary items                                       (0.03)             0.93             0.02            --             0.12
  Cumulative effect of a change in
  accounting principle                                       0.13                --               --            --               --
                                                        ---------         ---------         --------       -------         --------
  Diluted earnings per share                            $    0.62         $    0.43         $   0.84       $  0.04         $   1.12
                                                        ---------         ---------         --------       -------         --------
Basic weighted average of common
 shares outstanding (e)                                     7,957             7,957            7,957         7,954            7,938
Diluted weighted average of common
 shares outstanding (e)                                     8,773             8,521            8,818         9,101            8,731
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges (c)                       0.95             (0.14)            2.34          2.33             1.69
Dollar deficiency of earnings to fixed charges (c)             68             1,586               --            --               --
</TABLE>


                                       24
<PAGE>

                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
               Selected Consolidated Financial Data - (continued)
              (In thousands, except for share data and percentages)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      December 31,
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance Sheet (at year end)                                 2001           2000          1999          1998          1997
                                                       ------------    ------------    ---------    ----------   ----------
<S>                                                  <C>              <C>              <C>          <C>           <C>
Loans and leases, net(l)                             $   2,776,624    $   2,855,015    $   1,325    $    1,740    $ 1,859
Securities                                               1,356,497        1,315,122        8,663           450      1,478
Total assets                                             4,665,359        4,654,954       96,745        91,257     98,871
Deposits                                                 2,276,567        2,234,485           --            --         --
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase
  and other short term borrowings                          467,070          669,202           --            --         --
Other borrowings (m)                                     1,326,264        1,351,881       18,253        12,236     24,674
Stockholders' equity                                        74,172           72,615       58,965        57,631     54,142
Book value per share (e)                                      9.30             9.13         7.41          7.24       6.81
Return on average equity                                      7.44%            5.77%       12.61%         0.67%     21.10%
Asset quality ratios
Non-performing assets as a percent of total loans,
  tax certificates and real estate owned                      1.11%            0.89%          --            --         --
Loan loss allowance as a percent of
  non-performing loans                                      122.60%          254.00%          --            --         --
Loan loss allowance as a percent of total loans               1.62%            1.66%          --            --         --
Capital Ratios for BankAtlantic:
Total risk based capital                                     12.90%           11.00%       13.30%        13.92%     18.64%
Tier I risk based capital                                    11.65%            9.74%       12.04%        12.67%     17.38%
Leverage                                                      8.02%            6.66%        7.71%         8.48%     11.12%
</TABLE>

(a)  Ratios were computed using quarterly averages.
(b)  Since its inception, BFC has not paid any dividends.
(c)  The  operations of Bancorp have been  eliminated  since there is a dividend
     restriction between BankAtlantic and Bancorp.
(d)  Prior to 1997 there were no Class A common shares  outstanding.  All shares
     outstanding prior to 1997 were Class B common shares. While the Company has
     two  classes  of common  stock  outstanding,  the  two-class  method is not
     presented  because the  company's  capital  structure  does not provide for
     different  dividend rates or other  preferences,  other than voting rights,
     between the two classes.
(e)  I.R.E.  Realty Advisory Group,  Inc. ("RAG") owns 1,375,000 shares of BFC's
     Class A Common  Stock  and  500,000  shares  of BFC  Class B Common  Stock.
     Because  the Company  owns 45.5% of the  outstanding  common  stock of RAG,
     624,938 shares of Class A Common Stock and 227,500 shares of Class B Common
     Stock are eliminated from the number of shares  outstanding for purposes of
     computing earnings per share and book value per share.
(f)  Gain on settlements of Exchange  litigation of approximately  $756,000 (net
     of income tax),  net gain from  extinguishment  of debt of $115,000 (net of
     income tax) and net gain from debt restructuring of approximately  $181,000
     (net of income tax).
(g)  Gain from extinguishment of debt of $61,000 net of income taxes of $39,000.
(h)  Net loss from  extinguishment  of debt of  approximately  $179,000  (net of
     income  tax  benefit)  and  net  gain  on   settlement   of  litigation  of
     approximately $354,000 (net of income tax).
(i)  Bancorp  purchased $53.8 million  aggregate  principal amount of its 5-5/8%
     Debentures and recognized a $7.9 million (net of income tax)  extraordinary
     gain in conjunction with these purchases.
(j)  Loss from early  retirement of Bancorp's  subordinated  investment notes of
     $253,000, net of taxes.
(k)  Cumulative  effect  of  change  in  accounting  principle  related  to  the
     implementation of SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative  Instruments and
     Hedging Activities".
(l)  Includes $5 thousand and $1.3 million,  of bankers  acceptances in 2001 and
     2000, respectively.
(m)  Other borrowings consist of FHLB advances,  subordinated debentures,  notes
     and  bonds  payable  and  guaranteed   preferred  beneficial  interests  in
     Bancorp's junior subordinated debentures.


                                       25
<PAGE>

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW

BFC Financial  Corporation  ("BFC" or "the  Company") is a unitary  savings bank
holding  company  that owns  approximately  16% and 100%,  respectively,  of the
outstanding  BankAtlantic  Bancorp,  Inc. ("Bancorp") Class A and Class B Common
Stock, in the aggregate  representing 23% of all the outstanding  Bancorp Common
Stock.  Bancorp  is the  holding  company  for  BankAtlantic  by  virtue  of its
ownership of 100% of the outstanding BankAtlantic common stock.

In August  2000,  Bancorp  shareholders  approved a corporate  transaction  that
resulted in the  retirement  of all publicly  held Bancorp Class B Common Stock,
other than the Class B Common  Stock held by BFC. As a  consequence,  BFC became
the sole holder of the Class B Common Stock which represented 100% of the voting
rights of Bancorp at that time.  Based on BFC's  control of more than 50% of the
vote of Bancorp,  commencing in 2000,  Bancorp was consolidated in the Company's
financial  statements  instead of carried on the equity basis. In 2001,  Bancorp
amended  its  articles of  incorporation  to grant  voting  rights to holders of
Bancorp Class A Common Stock, make Bancorp Class B Common Stock convertible into
Bancorp  Class A Common Stock on a share for share basis,  and equalize the cash
dividends payable on Bancorp's Class A Common Stock and Bancorp's Class B Common
Stock.  As a consequence of the amendment,  Bancorp's  Class A shareholders  are
entitled to one vote per share, which in the aggregate will represent 53% of the
combined  voting power of Bancorp's  Class A Common Stock and Bancorp's  Class B
Common Stock. Bancorp's Class B Common Stock represents the remaining 47% of the
combined vote.  Adjustments  to operations  relating to changes in the Company's
percentage ownership are reflected in minority interest.

For the Year Ended December 31, 2001 Compared to the Same 2000 Period

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Income  before  income  taxes,  minority  interest  in  income  of  consolidated
subsidiaries, discontinued operations, extraordinary items and cumulative effect
of a change in accounting  principle  increased by 110% from 2000. The increased
earnings primarily resulted from significant improvements in net interest income
and the provision  for loan losses as well as higher  earnings  associated  with
Levitt Companies.  The above improvements in earnings were partially offset by a
goodwill  impairment  charge related to Bancorp's  leasing  subsidiary,  Leasing
Technology,  Inc. ("LTI"), lower earnings linked to Bancorp's investment banking
subsidiary,  Ryan Beck and higher  compensation,  data processing and consulting
expenses.

Net interest income  increased by 17% from 2000. The improvement in net interest
income  primarily  resulted from the rapid decline in interest  rates during the
year ended  December 31, 2001 as  interest-bearing  liabilities  re-priced  more
rapidly than interest  earning assets.  Net interest income also improved due to
interest earning asset growth.  Bancorp  experienced growth in all categories of
interest  earning  assets  associated  with  loan  originations  and  securities
purchases.

The provision for loan losses  declined by 42% from 2000. The decrease  reflects
decisions made in prior periods to strengthen the loan underwriting  process and
discontinue loan products which had experienced adverse delinquency trends. As a
consequence  of these  decisions the  origination  of indirect  consumer  loans,
syndication  loans and lease  financings was discontinued and the small business
loan underwriting  process was overhauled.  These four categories had given rise
to over 92% of net charge-offs since December 31, 1998.

Losses on  securities  transactions  decreased  by 66% from 2000.  During  2001,
securities  transaction  losses  primarily  related  to  write-downs  in  equity
securities at BFC and the venture partnerships. These losses were offset in part
by gains on sale of mortgage-backed  securities.  Securities  transaction losses
during 2000  primarily  related to  investments  write downs as a consequence of
declines associated with the value of the investments not considered  temporary.
These losses were offset in part by sake if of equity  securities and unrealized
gains on forward contracts. These gains were offset with investments write-downs

Other  non-interest  income  increased  by 5% from 2000.  The  increase  largely
related to gains on real  estate  sales  associated  with the  construction  and
development activities of Levitt Companies,  sales of assets and higher customer
transaction fees. These gains were partially offset by lower investment  banking
revenues.  The improved sales at Levitt Companies  resulted


                                       26
<PAGE>

from  higher  revenues  from land sales to  developers  and a 42% growth in home
sales to individuals during the year ended December 31, 2001. Investment banking
revenues declined due to a substantial  reduction in underwriting and consulting
fees as well as lower commissions from equity and mutual fund sales.

Non-interest  expense increased by 8% from 2000. The increase primarily resulted
from a $6.6  million  goodwill  impairment  charge,  a $2.6  million  litigation
accrual and higher compensation expense. The higher compensation expense was due
to increased real estate  development  activities at Levitt Companies and higher
salaries,  employee benefits and compensation  expenses  associated with banking
operations.  The litigation accrual relates to a March 2002 jury verdict entered
against  a  partnership  in which a  subsidiary  of  Levitt  Companies  is a 50%
partner.   The  higher  compensation  expense  was  partially  offset  by  lower
restructuring charges and impairment write-downs.  The restructuring charges and
impairment write-downs were associated with a decision to exit in-store branches
during  the year ended  December  31,  2001 and the  restructuring  charges  and
impairment  write-downs  during  the same 2000  period  were  associated  with a
strategic  decision to terminate  BankAtlantic's  ATM relationships with certain
retailers.

During the year ended December 31, 2001 a $253,000 (net of taxes)  extraordinary
loss was recorded from the early retirement of Bancorp's subordinated investment
notes.  A $1.1 million income (net of tax)  adjustment was recorded  relating to
the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle in accordance with the
implementation  of Financial  Accounting  Standards Board  Statement  Number 133
"Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities".  During the year
ended  December 31, 2000, a gain of  $669,000,  net of tax was  recognized  from
discontinued operations associated with the sale of a facility used in Bancorp's
mortgage  servicing  business and $7.9 million (net of tax)  extraordinary  gain
from the  early  retirement  of a  portion  of our  convertible  debentures  was
recorded.

Net Interest income


                                       27
<PAGE>

The following table summarizes net interest income before  capitalized  interest
expense:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    For the Year Ended                         For the Year Ended
                                                     December 31, 2001                         December 31, 2000
                                        -------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)                     Average        Revenue/         Yield/        Average      Revenue/      Yield/
----------------------                     Balance        Expense           Rate         Balance      Expense        Rate
                                        -------------  -------------   ------------- -------------- -----------   ----------
<S>                                     <C>            <C>                   <C>     <C>            <C>              <C>
Interest earning assets
 Loans: (a)
 Residential real estate                $  1,327,571   $     94,199           7.10%  $   1,372,034  $  100,178        7.30%
 Commercial real estate                    1,108,732         93,809           8.46%        862,694      83,226        9.65%
 Consumer                                    210,813         17,296           8.20%        226,515      21,809        9.63%
 International                                32,831          2,518           7.67%         51,860       4,145        7.99%
 Lease financing                              69,240          8,835          12.76%         57,649       8,260       14.33%
 Commercial business                         166,689         12,850           7.71%        193,067      18,053        9.35%
 Small business                               73,835          7,797          10.56%        102,748      11,461       11.15%
                                        ------------   ------------    -----------   -------------  ----------    --------
Total loans                                2,989,711        237,304           7.94%      2,866,567     247,132        8.62%
                                        ------------   ------------    -----------   -------------  ----------    --------
Securities available for sale (b)            886,832         52,813           5.96%        829,608      50,799        6.12%
                                        ------------   ------------                  -------------  ----------
Investment securities (c)                    455,209         35,863           7.88%        341,678      29,175       8.854%
Federal funds sold                               564             21           3.72%            629          40        6.36%
                                        ------------   ------------    -----------   -------------  ----------    --------
Total investment securities                  455,773         35,884           7.87%        342,307      29,215        8.83%
                                        ------------   ------------    -----------   -------------  ----------    --------
Total interest earning assets              4,332,316        326,001           7.52%      4,038,482     327,146(e)     8.10%
                                        ------------   ------------    -----------   -------------  ----------    --------
Non-interest earning assets
Total non-interest earning assets            408,027                                       363,755
                                        ------------                                 -------------
Total assets                            $  4,740,343                                 $   4,402,237
                                        ============                                 =============
Interest bearing liabilities
Deposits:
 Savings                                $    102,996          1,451           1.41%  $      99,545  $    1,268        1.27%
 NOW, money funds and checking               757,922         20,241           2.67%        692,680      26,156        3.78%
 Certificate accounts                      1,182,094         63,976           5.41%      1,119,319      64,299        5.74%
                                        ------------   ------------    -----------   -------------  ----------    --------
Total interest bearing deposits            2,043,012         85,668           4.19%      1,911,544      91,723        4.80%
                                        ------------   ------------    -----------   -------------  ----------    --------
Securities sold under agreements
  to repurchase and federal funds
  purchased                                  596,463         24,270           4.07%        563,178      34,617        6.15%
Advances from FHLB                         1,077,876         60,472           5.61%      1,031,255      61,331        5.95%
Subordinated debentures and notes
payable                                      203,764         16,980           8.33%        237,353      23,024        9.70%
Trust preferred securities (f)                74,750          7,197           9.63%         74,750       7,197        9.63%
                                        ------------   ------------    -----------   -------------  ----------    --------
Total interest bearing liabilities         3,995,865        194,587(d)        4.87%      3,818,080     217,892(d)     5.71%
                                        ------------   ------------    -----------   -------------  ----------    --------
Non-interest bearing liabilities
Demand deposit and escrow accounts           277,254                                       253,456
Other liabilities                            152,113                                        96,453
                                        ------------                                 -------------
  Total non-interest bearing
   liabilities                               429,367                                       349,909
                                        ------------                                 -------------
Minority interest                            241,583                                       171,208
                                        ------------                                 -------------
Stockholders' equity                          73,528                                        63,040
                                        ------------                                 -------------
Total liabilities and stockholders'
  equity                                $  4,740,343                                 $   4,402,237
                                        ============                                 =============
Net interest income/net
 interest spread                                       $    131,414           2.65%                 $  109,254        2.39%
                                                       ============    ===========                  ==========    ========
Margin
Interest income/interest earning
assets                                                                        7.52%                                   8.10%
Interest expense/interest earning
assets                                                                        4.49%                                   5.40%
                                                                       -----------                              ----------
Consolidated net interest margin                                              3.03%                                   2.70%
                                                                       ===========                              ==========
Net interest margin excluding Levitt
  Companies notes payable                                                     3.13%                                   2.85%
                                                                       ===========                              ==========
</TABLE>

(a)  Includes non-accruing loans.
(b)  Average balances were based on amortized cost.
(c)  Includes securities purchased under agreements to resell, tax certificates,
     mortgage-backed securities held to maturity,  interest-bearing deposits and
     trading securities.
(d)  Does not  reflect  reduction  due to  capitalized  interest  on real estate
     investments.
(e)  Excludes Core Communities  utility receivable  interest income accretion of
     $1.7 million for December 31, 2000.
(f)  Trust preferred securities are guaranteed preferred beneficial interests in
     Bancorp's junior subordinated debentures.


                                       28
<PAGE>

The  following  table  summarizes  the  changes in net  interest  income  before
capitalized interest expense: (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              Year Ended
                                                          December 31, 2001
                                                        Compared to Year Ended
                                                         December 31, 2000 (c)
                                               ------------------------------------------
                                                Volume (a)       Rate            Total
                                               ------------- --------------  ------------
<S>                                             <C>             <C>             <C>
Increase (decrease) due to:
Loans                                           $  9,774        $(19,602)       $ (9,828)
Securities available for sale                      3,408          (1,394)          2,014
Investment securities (b)                          8,944          (2,256)          6,688
Federal funds sold                                    (2)            (17)            (19)
                                                --------        --------        --------
Total earning assets                              22,124         (23,269)         (1,145)
                                                --------        --------        --------
Deposits:
  Savings                                             49             134             183
  NOW, money funds, and checking                   1,742          (7,657)         (5,915)
  Certificate accounts                             3,397          (3,720)           (323)
                                                --------        --------        --------
Total deposits                                     5,188         (11,243)         (6,055)
                                                --------        --------        --------
Securities sold under agreements to
repurchase                                         1,354         (11,701)        (10,347)
Advances from FHLB                                 2,616          (3,475)           (859)
Subordinated debentures and notes payable         (2,798)         (3,246)         (6,044)
                                                --------        --------        --------
                                                   1,172         (18,422)        (17,250)
                                                --------        --------        --------
Total interest bearing liabilities                 6,360         (29,665)        (23,305)
                                                --------        --------        --------
Change in net interest income                   $ 15,764        $  6,396        $ 22,160
                                                ========        ========        ========
</TABLE>

(a)  Changes attributable to rate/volume have been allocated to volume.
(b)  Average balances were based on amortized costs.
(c)  Does not reflect  reduction due to  capitalized  interest on investments in
     real estate.

Net interest income  excluding  capitalized  interest and interest  accretion on
Core  Communities  utility  receivable  increased by $22.2 million,  or 20% from
2000. The  substantial  improvement  reflects an increased net interest  margin,
growth in average earning  assets,  an increase in deposit  transaction  account
average balances and the retirement of subordinated debentures.

The net interest  margin  improved by 33 basis points from 2000. The substantial
improvement  primarily  resulted from a rapid  decline in interest  rates during
2001 as interest  bearing  liabilities  re-priced  downward faster than interest
earning assets.  Interest bearing  liabilities rates declined by 84 basis points
while interest  earning asset yields declined by 58 basis points.  Rate declines
on  interest-bearing  liabilities  were due to lower rates on deposit  products,
notes  payable,  short  term  borrowings  and  the  retirement  of  subordinated
debentures.  The decline in deposit average rates  primarily  resulted from time
deposits  re-pricing at lower interest rates and secondarily  from growth in low
cost transaction deposit accounts.  The average balance on transaction  accounts
increased  from  $1,046  million to $1,138  million,  an  increase  of 9%.  Also
contributing to the rate declines were the retirement of subordinated investment
notes  and  6-3/4%  convertible   subordinated   debentures.   The  subordinated
investment  notes  had an  average  interest  rate of  11%,  and  the  rates  on
convertible  debentures were higher than the average rates on other  borrowings.
Market  rates on  short-term  borrowings  were  significantly  lower during 2001
compared to 2000.  The decline in interest  earning  asset yields was due to the
refinancing of residential  loans and lower yields earned on floating rate loans
and securities.

Growth was achieved in the interest  earning  assets  category.  Loan growth was
primarily  attributable to an increase in commercial real estate and home equity
loans partially offset by declines in syndication, small business, international
and indirect  consumer loan portfolios.  Declines in these portfolios  reflected
decisions  by  management  in prior  periods to cease  indirect  automobile  and
syndication  lending, and terminate its lease financing  originations,  withdraw
from lending to international banks and substantially  reduce its small business
loan  originations.  Growth  in  securities  available  for sale and  investment
securities  portfolios  resulted  primarily from the purchase of adjustable rate
mortgage-backed  securities.  The  purchases  were  made as part of a  portfolio
repositioning  strategy  in reaction to the  rapidly  declining  interest  rates
during the


                                       29
<PAGE>

year ended December 31, 2001. This increase in our securities available for sale
and  investment  securities  portfolios  was  decreased by write-offs of certain
investments and decreases in unrealized appreciation.

During  2001,  average  earning  assets  and  average  rate  paying  liabilities
increased compared to 2000. The declining interest rate environment  resulted in
decreased  yields on earning  assets  with a  corresponding  decline in rates on
interest paying  liabilities.  The lower rates paid on average  interest bearing
liabilities  decreased  interest expense by $29.7 million while the lower yields
on interest  earning assets  decreased  interest  income by $23.3  million.  The
growth in interest earning assets increased interest income by $22.1 million and
higher average interest bearing  liabilities  increased interest expense by $6.4
million. Average earning assets increased by $294 million while average interest
bearing  liabilities  increased by $178 million.  Bancorp utilized $53.5 million
net proceeds from its July 2001 equity  offering to repay higher rate borrowings
resulting in an improved net interest margin.

Subordinated  debentures  and notes payable in the above  average  balance sheet
includes Levitt Companies' notes payable and associated interest expense.  These
borrowings  reduced the net interest  margin by 10 basis points  during the year
ended  December 31, 2001.  The net interest  margin was  negatively  impacted by
these  borrowings  because  the  interest  expense  was  included in the average
balance sheet but the income  associated with those borrowings was recognized in
non-interest income as gains on the sale of real estate.

Provision for Loan Losses

Changes in the allowance for loan losses were as follows (dollars in thousands):

                                            For the Year Ended
                                               December 31,
                                        -------------------------
                                           2001            2000
                                        ---------       ---------
Balance, beginning of period            $ 48,072        $ 45,522
Charge-offs:
    Syndication loans                     (7,235)         (3,659)
    Commercial business loans                 --             (24)
    Commercial real estate loans              --              --
    Small business                        (4,487)        (14,114)
    Lease financing                      (10,340)         (3,930)
    Consumer loans - direct               (2,629)         (2,233)
    Consumer loan - indirect              (2,981)         (7,546)
    Residential real estate loans           (244)           (715)
                                        --------        --------
Total charge-offs                        (27,916)        (32,221)
                                        --------        --------
Recoveries:
    Commercial business loans                331              94
    Commercial real estate loans              10               8
    Small business                         2,623           1,240
    Lease financing                        2,388             335
    Consumer loans - direct                  769             645
    Consumer loans - indirect              2,252           3,211
    Residential real estate loans            223             106
                                        --------        --------
Total recoveries                           8,596           5,639
                                        --------        --------
Net charge-offs                          (19,320)        (26,582)
Provision for loan losses                 16,905          29,132
                                        --------        --------
Balance, end of period                  $ 45,657        $ 48,072
                                        ========        ========

The provision for loan losses declined by $12.2 million or 42% from 2000. During
2000 the provision for loan losses was significantly increased to reflect losses
experienced in indirect  consumer and small  business  lending  activities.  The
origination  of  indirect  consumer  loans  was  discontinued  in 1998 and major
modifications to the underwriting  process for small business loans in 2000 were
made. As a consequence,  Bancorp's loss  experience  declined  significantly  in
these lines of business during 2001.  Partially  offsetting  these  improvements
were higher net charge-offs associated with lease financing and syndication loan
portfolios. During 2000 and 2001, these lines of business were discontinued.


                                       30
<PAGE>

The outstanding loan balances relating to consumer  indirect,  syndication,  and
lease financing lending  (discontinued  lines of business)  declined from $218.4
million at December 31, 2000 to $121.1 million at December 31, 2001. The balance
of small business loans originated before the implementation of new underwriting
standards  declined  from $67.0 million at December 31, 2000 to $32.1 million at
December 31, 2001. Net charge-offs from discontinued lines of business and small
business  loans  originated  before   implementation  of  the  new  underwriting
standards represented approximately 92% of total net charge-offs during the year
ended December 31, 2001.

In  addition  to net  charge-offs,  the  provision  for loan losses in 2001 also
included an increase in reserves for loans  associated  with in the  hospitality
and aviation  industries.  These industries were adversely affected by September
11, 2001 terrorist  attacks and a subsequent  general  decline in tourism.  As a
consequence,  loans to the hospitality industry were evaluated and the allowance
for loan losses was increased by $2.1 million. In addition, Bancorp made an $8.0
million  specific  valuation  allowance  relating  to a  syndication  loan  to a
borrower in the aviation  industry.  The $8.0 million loan which was the subject
of the specific allowance was subsequently  charged-off during the first quarter
of 2002.


                                       31
<PAGE>

Non-performing Assets and Potential Problem Loans
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                    December 31,
                                                           -------------------------------
                                                                2001              2000
                                                           --------------     ------------
<S>                                                        <C>                 <C>
Nonperforming Assets
Non-Accrual
Tax certificates                                           $     1,727         $     2,491
Residential                                                      9,203              11,229
Syndication                                                     10,700                  --
Commercial real estate and business                             13,066               1,705
Small business - real estate                                       905               2,532
Lease financing                                                  2,585               1,515
Consumer                                                           796               1,944
                                                           -----------         -----------
                                                                38,982              21,416
Repossessed (1)
Residential real estate owned                                    2,033               2,562
Commercial real estate owned                                     1,871               1,937
Consumer                                                            17                  95
Lease financing                                                     --               1,647
                                                           -----------         -----------
                                                                 3,921               6,241
                                                           -----------         -----------
Total Non-Performing Assets                                     42,903              27,657
Specific valuation allowances                                   (9,936)               (819)
                                                           -----------         -----------
Total Non-Performing Assets, Net                           $    32,967         $    26,838
                                                           ===========         ===========
Total non-performing assets, net as a percentage of:
  Total assets                                                    0.71%               0.58%
                                                           ===========         ===========
  Loans, tax certificates and net real estate owned               1.11%               0.89%
                                                           ===========         ===========
Total Assets                                               $ 4,665,359         $ 4,654,954
                                                           ===========         ===========
Total Loans, Tax Certificates And Net
  Real Estate Owned                                        $ 2,970,262         $ 3,029,938
                                                           ===========         ===========
Allowance for loan losses                                  $    45,657         $    48,072
                                                           ===========         ===========
Total tax certificates                                     $   145,598         $   124,289
                                                           ===========         ===========
Allowance for tax certificate losses                       $     1,521         $     1,937
                                                           ===========         ===========
Other Potential Problem Loans
Contractually Past Due 90
  Days Or More
Small business                                             $        --         $        --
Commercial real estate and business (2)                             --               7,086
                                                           -----------         -----------
                                                                    --               7,086
Performing Impaired Loans, Net Of
   Specific Valuation Allowances
Corporate syndication loans                                         --              15,001
Restructured Loans
Commercial real estate and business                                743                  --
Delinquent Residential Loans Purchased                           1,705               5,389
                                                           -----------         -----------
Total Potential Problem Loans                              $     2,448         $    27,476
                                                           ===========         ===========
</TABLE>

1)   Amounts are net of specific allowances.
2)   The majority of these loans have matured and the borrower continues to make
     payments under the matured loan agreement.  The 2000 amount  represents one
     loan that was repaid during February 2001.

Non-performing  assets,  net of  reserves  increased  by $6.1  million  to $33.0
million at December  31, 2001  compared to $26.8  million at December  31, 2000.
Non-accrual assets increased by $17.6 million and repossessed assets declined by
$2.3  million.  The increase in  non-accrual  assets  primarily  resulted from a
commercial  construction  loan and a  syndication  loan


                                       32
<PAGE>

which had outstanding balances of $12.3 million and $10.7 million, respectively.
These two loans  were  evaluated  for  impairment  and a $9.8  million  specific
valuation allowance was established based on the estimated collateral value less
cost to sell. Also contributing to the increase in non-accrual assets was higher
non-performing  lease  financings.  The above increases were partially offset by
improvement in non-performing tax certificates and  non-performing  residential,
small business and consumer loans. The reduction in small business, consumer and
residential  non-performing  loans  resulted  from  a  declining  portfolio  and
improved  delinquency trends. The decline in repossessed asset balances resulted
from the charge off of leased equipment.

Potential  problem  assets were $2.4  million at December  31, 2001  compared to
$27.5 million at December 31, 2000.  Commercial  real estate and business  loans
contractually past due 90 days or more at December 31, 2000 was comprised of one
commercial  real  estate  loan  that was  fully  repaid in  February  2001.  The
performing  impaired loans during 2000 reflected two syndication  loans that did
not meet their loan  covenants  resulting in serious doubts as to the ability of
such  borrowers to comply with the loan  repayment  terms.  One of the loans was
paid in full and the other loan  resulted  in a $7.3  million  charge off during
2001. The decline in delinquent  residential loans purchased  primarily resulted
from the sale of loans to an unrelated third party.

During February 2002, a $17 million loan collateralized by a hotel was placed on
a  non-accrual  status when the borrower  failed to comply with the  contractual
terms of the loan agreement. This loan is not included in nonperforming loans as
of December 31, 2001 but will be included as of March 31, 2002.

The table below  presents the  allocation  of the  allowance  for loan and lease
losses by various  loan  classifications  ("ALL by  category"),  the  percent of
allowance to each loan category ("ALL to gross loans in each category") and sets
forth the percentage of loans in each category to gross loans excluding banker's
acceptances  ("Loans by category to gross  loans").  The allowance  shown in the
table should not be  interpreted  as an indication  that  charge-offs  in future
periods  will  occur in  these  amounts  or  proportions  or that the  allowance
indicates future  charge-off  amounts or trends.  There is no assurance that the
allowance will be sufficient.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           December 31, 2001                           December 31, 2000
                            --------------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------
                                                 ALL             Loans                        ALL        Loans
                                               to gross           by                       to gross        by
(Dollars in thousands)            ALL           loans          category        ALL           loans      category
                                  by           in each         to gross        by           in each     to gross
                                category       category         loans        category       category      loans
                            ---------------  --------------  ------------   -------------  ---------- ------------
<S>                             <C>              <C>             <C>          <C>             <C>          <C>
Commercial business             $ 1,563          2.02%           2.38%        $ 1,502         1.00%        4.6%
Syndications                      8,602         21.10%           1.25%          8,480        10.60%        2.4%
Commercial real estate           14,754          0.83%          50.54%         11,144         0.77%       40.2%
Small business                    5,178          5.06%           3.14%         10,750        11.01%        3.0%
Lease financing                   8,639         15.72%           1.69%          2,879         3.79%        2.3%
Residential real estate           1,304          0.12%          34.31%          1,540         0.12%       40.5%
Consumer - direct                 2,064          1.07%           5.91%          2,989         1.89%        4.8%
Consumer  - indirect              1,247          4.91%           0.78%          5,388         8.62%        1.9%
Unassigned                        2,306           N/A%            N/A%          3,400          N/A%        N/A%
                                -------                       -------         -------                   ------
                                $45,657          1.37%         100.00%        $48,072         1.45%      100.0%
                                ======                         ======         =======                   =====
</TABLE>

The  assigned  portion  of the  allowance  for loan and lease  losses  primarily
relates to discontinued  lines of business and commercial real estate loans. The
allowance assigned to the discontinued lines of business was $22.6 million.  The
$8.6 million amount assigned to the lease financing  portfolio was significantly
higher than the December 31, 2000 reserve of $2.9 million. The increase resulted
from adverse  delinquency trends and the potential for higher individual losses.
The $8.6  million  amount  assigned to  syndication  loans was  primarily a $8.0
million  specific  valuation  allowance  associated  with one  syndication  loan
associated  with the aviation  industry  which was charged off in February 2002.
The small  business  allowance  has declined  from $10.8 million at December 31,
2000 to $5.2  million at December  31, 2001.  Likewise,  our  consumer  indirect
allowance  declined  from $5.4  million at December  31, 2000 to $1.2 million at
December 31, 2001. Included in the small business allowance at December 31, 2001
was a $4.1 million reserve for loans originated before the implementation of new
underwriting standards during the first quarter of 2000. The consumer - indirect
loan allowance  reduction  reflects


                                       33
<PAGE>

charge-offs of loans throughout the periods without a corresponding  increase in
the provision.  Consumer - indirect  lending was  discontinued in December 1998.
The  increase in the  allowance  for  commercial  real  estate  loans from $11.1
million at December  31, 2000 to $14.8  million at December  31, 2001  primarily
resulted  from  portfolio   growth   associated  with  high  balance  loans  and
secondarily  from the  establishment  of a $2.1 million reserve  associated with
loans relating to the  hospitality  industry  discussed  above.  At December 31,
2001,  commercial real estate  portfolio  included large lending  relationships,
including 15 relationships  with  unaffiliated  borrowers  involving  individual
lending  commitments  in excess of $30  million  with an  aggregate  outstanding
balance of $411 million.

As discussed  earlier,  in order to improve the credit quality of BankAtlantic's
loan  portfolio,   BankAtlantic  discontinued  certain  lines  of  business  and
strengthened  its  underwriting   process  for  small  business  loans.  Lending
activities  are currently  primarily  focused on collateral  based loans such as
residential second mortgage products,  small business loans originated utilizing
the new underwriting process, and commercial real estate and commercial business
loans.  These loan types have  historically  had much lower loss ratios than the
discontinued lines of business.  The loss experience for collateral-based  loans
for the past five years resulted in a ratio of net charge-offs to total loans of
0.07%  and the ratio of  average  allowances  for loan  losses to loans in these
lines of business  have  averaged  0.70%.  It is  anticipated  that  focusing on
collateral-based   loans  will  improve  credit  quality  with  a  corresponding
reduction in the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total gross loans.

The remaining $2.3 million  unassigned  portion of the allowance for loan losses
addresses  certain industry and geographic  concentrations,  including  economic
conditions,  in an attempt to address the imprecision inherent in the estimation
of the assigned allowance for loan losses.  Due to the subjectivity  involved in
the determination of the unassigned  portion of the allowance for loan and lease
losses, the relationship of the unassigned  component to the total allowance for
loan and lease losses may fluctuate from period to period.

NON-INTEREST INCOME

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     For the Year
                                                                   Ended December 31,                Change
                                                              -------------------------       ---------------------
                                                                 2001           2000           Amount       Percent
                                                              ---------       ---------       --------       ------
                                                                        (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                           <C>             <C>             <C>              <C>
Banking Operations
Loan late fees and other loan income                          $   4,224       $   4,144       $     80         1.93%
Gains (losses) on sales of loans held for sale, net                  60            (528)           588       (111.36)%
Gains on trading securities and available for sale, net           3,597           2,226          1,371        61.59%
Transaction fees                                                 16,372          13,666          2,706        19.80%
ATM fees                                                         10,507          10,881           (374)       (3.44)%
Other                                                             5,492           4,511            981        21.75%
                                                              ---------       ---------       --------       ------
    Non-interest income                                          40,252          34,900          5,352        15.34%
                                                              ---------       ---------       --------       ------
Levitt Companies Operations
Net revenues from sales of real estate and joint venture         36,583          23,217         13,366        57.57%
activities
Other                                                             2,024           5,914         (3,890)      (65.78)%
                                                              ---------       ---------       --------       ------
    Non-interest income                                          38,607          29,131          9,476        32.53%
                                                              ---------       ---------       --------       ------
Ryan Beck Operations
Principal transactions                                           18,930          14,778          4,152        28.10%
Investment banking                                               11,745          15,387         (3,642)      (23.67)%
Commissions                                                      12,761          20,936         (8,175)      (39.05)%
Other                                                               978           1,032            (54)       (5.23)%
                                                              ---------       ---------       --------       ------
    Non-interest income                                          44,414          52,133         (7,719)      (14.81)%
                                                              ---------       ---------       --------       ------
BFC Holding Company
Net revenues from sales of real estate and
  joint venture activities                                        1,345           1,701           (356)      (20.93)%
Losses on securities available for sale                          (4,378)         (4,556)           178        (3.91)%
Other                                                             1,128             948            180        18.99%
                                                              ---------       ---------       --------       ------
    Non-interest income (loss)                                   (1,905)         (1,907)             2        (0.10)%
                                                              ---------       ---------       --------       ------
Total non-interest income                                     $ 121,368       $ 114,257       $  7,111         6.22%
                                                              =========       =========       ========       ======
</TABLE>


                                       34
<PAGE>

Banking Operations

Loan late fees and other loan income remained at 2000 amounts.  Included in loan
and late fee income  were  prepayment  penalties  on  commercial  loans and fees
associated with unused commitments, stand-by letters of credit and trade finance
activities.  During 2001 BankAtlantic experienced increased fees associated with
commercial lending which were substantially offset by lower late fees.

The loss on  sales of loans  during  2000  resulted  from the sale of a  problem
syndication  loan for a  $695,000  loss as well as losses  associated  with bank
investments  activities.   In  September  2000,  BankAtlantic  discontinued  the
purchase for resale of residential  loans and reclassified $222 million of loans
held for sale to loans held for  investment  realizing  a  $654,000  loss at the
transfer date.  Currently  residential lending activities consist of originating
and selling CRA loans and referring all other  residential  loan  customers to a
correspondent  for a  referral  fee.  The  gains on sales of loans  during  2001
represent sales of CRA loans.

Gains on sales of trading  securities and  securities  available for sale during
2001  related to gains of $6.7  million,  $0.5 million and $1.4 million from the
sale of  equity  securities,  mortgage-backed  securities  and the  settling  of
interest  rate swap  contracts,  respectively.  The above  gains were  partially
offset by $3.5  million  of other than  temporary  write-downs  associated  with
equity securities and $1.4 million of unrealized losses related to interest rate
swap and forward  contracts.  Bancorp  sold its equity  securities  based on its
evaluation  of the future  prospects  of the  companies  and market  conditions.
Mortgage-backed  securities  and  interest  rate  swap  contracts  were  sold to
reposition  the portfolio in reaction to declining  interest  rates during 2001.
The write-downs of equity securities resulted from significant declines in their
value that were considered  other than temporary due to the financial  condition
and near term prospects of the issuers of the securities.

Gains on sales of trading  securities and  securities  available for sale during
2000  resulted  from gains of $2.1  million  and $0.4  million  from the sale of
equity  securities  and  mortgage-backed  securities,  respectively,  and a $0.3
million  unrealized  gain  from a  forward  contract,  partially  offset by $0.6
million write-down of equity investments.

The sales of  securities  available  for sale were in reaction to changes in the
interest rate environment during 2000.

The significant  increase in transaction fee income during 2001 compared to 2000
was primarily  associated with higher revenues earned on commercial accounts and
the introduction of a new checking  deposit  product.  Since its introduction in
September  2001,  22,000 new checking  accounts have been opened  resulting in a
substantial increase in overdraft revenues.  Additionally,  the rapid decline in
interest rates decreased the earnings credit for commercial  accounts which have
analysis charges, which further increased transaction fee income.

During 2001,  ATM fee income was slightly  lower compared to the prior year. The
decline in revenues reflects the termination of BankAtlantic's  ATM relationship
with  K-Mart  and the  removal  of all ATM  machines  from  Wal*Mart  stores  in
September 2001. The above relationships did not meet strategic goals or required
investment  returns.  The removal of the ATM from retail  outlets is expected to
lower ATM fee income in subsequent periods, while the overall performance of the
ATM division is expected to improve due to  significantly  lower  expenses.  The
above  declines in  revenues  were  partially  offset by higher fees earned from
cruise ship ATM operations and increases in interchange and card fees.

The increase in other income  during 2001  compared to 2000  primarily  resulted
from the sale of branches and back office facilities.  During 2001, BankAtlantic
sold twelve in-store branches for a gain of $1.6 million.  During 2000, gains on
the sales of branch facilities and back office equipment were $0.9 million.  The
exiting of in-store branches was part of a bank-wide program to review all lines
of business with a view towards improving overall earnings. BankAtlantic expects
to sell or close the remaining four in-store  branches  during the first half of
2002.

Levitt Companies Operations

The  significant  increase in gains on sales of real estate  primarily  resulted
from  increased  gains on land and home  sales as well as higher  earnings  from
joint venture activities. Gains on land sales increased from $9.0 million during
the year ended  December 31, 2000 to $11.0 million  during the same 2001 period.
Likewise, gains on home sales increased from $12.3 million during the year ended
December 31, 2000 to $19.8  million  during 2001 due to a 42% growth in sales of
homes  in  2001  and the  effect  of  reduced  land  costs  resulting  from  the
acquisition of Levitt and Sons. Earnings from joint venture activities increased
from $1.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2000 to $2.9 million during
the same 2001 period.


                                       35
<PAGE>

Levitt and Sons gross margin is currently higher than it is anticipated to be in
the future primarily due to the effects of purchase  accounting  associated with
the Levitt and Sons  acquisition.  As it  completes  a full  construction  cycle
following acquisition, the effects of that accounting will disappear,  resulting
in lower reported gross margins in future years.

The  decline  in other  income  resulted  from the sale of a  utility  expansion
receivable during 2000 partially offset by an increase in rental income.  During
February 2000, Core Communities received a cash payment of $8.5 million relating
to a  receivable  from a public  municipality  providing  water  and  wastewater
services to St. Lucie West, resulting in a $4.3 million gain. The payment was in
full  settlement of the receivable  pursuant to an agreement dated December 1991
between Core Communities and the municipality.  The 1991 agreement  required the
municipality  to  reimburse  Core  Communities  for its cost of  increasing  the
service  capacity of the utility  plant via payment to Core  Communities  of the
future connection fees generated from such capacity.

During 2002,  Levitt  Companies  anticipates that Core Communities may make land
sales to Levitt and Sons rather than to unaffiliated  developers.  The effect of
these sales for accounting  purposes will be to defer recognition of the related
gains to subsequent periods over the Levitt and Sons construction cycle.

Ryan Beck Operations

Ryan Beck's investment  banking and commission  revenues  decreased 24% and 39%,
respectively,  from 2000. The reduced  commission  revenues were attributable to
lower investor  transaction  volume due to a decline in overall financial market
transactions  along with  decreases  in equity and mutual fund fees.  Investment
banking  revenues were  adversely  affected by a significant  decline in initial
public  offering  closings  during 2001 and a  substantial  reduction  in equity
underwriting  and  advisory  and  placement  fees.  The  increase  in  principal
transaction  revenues  reflects the addition of a new taxable fixed income group
and the addition of two retail offices.  Excluding the additions of that line of
business and the new retail  offices,  principal  transactions  remained at 2000
levels.

NON-INTEREST EXPENSES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       For the Year
                                                     Ended December 31,            Change
                                                    -------------------     ------------------
(In thousands)                                        2001       2000        Amount    Percent
                                                    --------   --------     --------   -------
<S>                                                 <C>        <C>        <C>           <C>
Banking Operations
Employee compensation and benefits                   $ 49,933   $ 46,890   $  3,043      6.49%
Occupancy and equipment                                25,204     23,622      1,582       6.7%
Advertising and promotion                               3,771      4,154       (383)    (9.22)%
Restructuring charges and write-downs                     331      2,656     (2,325)    (87.54)%
Impairment of cost over fair value of                   6,624         --      6,624        --
of net assets acuired Amortization of cost over ..      2,753      2,833        (80)
fair value of net assets acquired
Other                                                       2          2                (2.82)%
                                                       24,604     24,137        467      1.93%
                                                     --------   --------   --------     -----
Non-interest expenses                                 113,220    104,292      8,928      8.56%
                                                     --------   --------   --------     -----
Levitt Companies Operations
Employee compensation and benefits                      9,730      6,846      2,884     42.13%
Advertising and promotion                               2,611      2,684        (73)    (2.72)%
Selling, general and administrative                    13,770      9,201      4,569     49.66%
                                                     --------   --------   --------     -----
Non-interest expenses                                  26,111     18,731      7,380      39.4%
                                                     --------   --------   --------     -----
Ryan Beck Operations
Employee compensation and benefits                     35,435     37,191     (1,756)    (4.72)%
Occupancy and equipment                                 3,287      3,632       (345)    (9.50)%
Advertising and promotion                               1,515      1,381        134      9.70%
Amortization of cost over fair value of net assets      1,320      1,248         72      5.77%
acquired
Other                                                   9,488     10,732     (1,244)    (11.59)%
                                                     --------   --------   --------     -----
Non-interest expenses                                  51,045     54,184     (3,139)    (5.79)%
                                                     --------   --------   --------     -----
BFC Holding Company Operations
Employee compensation and benefits                      1,902      1,389        513     36.93%
Occupancy and equipment                                    85         48         37     77.08%
Other                                                     899        936        (37)    (3.95)%
                                                     --------   --------   --------     -----
Non-interest expenses                                   2,886      2,373        513     21.62%
                                                     --------   --------   --------     -----
Total  non-interest expenses                         $193,262   $179,580   $ 13,682      7.62%
                                                     ========   ========   ========     =====
</TABLE>

                                       36

<PAGE>

Banking Operations

The  increase in  compensation  expense  during 2001  compared to 2000  reflects
increased bonuses,  health insurance expenses,  401(k) retirement benefits and a
reduction in income associated with Bancorp defined benefit pension plan. Higher
discretionary  bonuses and incentive  compensation were paid based on individual
performance  and the  achievement  of corporate  goals.  The  additional  401(k)
benefits  reflected  an  increased  employer  match  and the  additional  health
insurance costs resulted from generally higher medical costs.

Included in compensation  expense during 2000 was a $1.3 million one-time charge
resulting from the retirement of all publicly held outstanding shares of Class B
Common Stock.  The  compensation  charge  resulted from  retirement of shares of
Bancorp  Class B Common  Stock from  holders  who  received  these  shares  upon
exercise  of options to acquire  Class B Common  Stock  within six months of the
date of retirement.

The increase in occupancy and equipment  expenses primarily resulted from higher
depreciation  expense  associated  with the upgrading of Bancorp data processing
infrastructure  as well as online banking  operations.  The higher  depreciation
expense was partially  offset by lower rental  expenses from the  termination of
ATM  relationships  with certain retail outlets and the sale of twelve  in-store
branches.

During 2001  advertising  expenses  related  primarily  to the  introduction  of
BankAtlantic's  no-charge checking accounts and the promotion of its home equity
lines of credit.  During  2000,  significant  advertising  costs  were  incurred
associated  with  promotions  for  new  deposit  and  loan  products  as well as
promotional costs associated with internet banking.

During  2001,  upon  review of the  performance  and  anticipated  prospects  of
BankAtlantic's  in-store  branches,  management of BankAtlantic  decided to exit
this  line of  business.  This  resulted  in a  $550,000  impairment  write-down
assigned to fixed assets of certain in-store branches. During the fourth quarter
of  2000,  a  strategic  decision  was  made  to  terminate  BankAtlantic's  ATM
relationships with Wal*Mart and K-Mart resulting in the restructuring charge and
impairment  write-down  shown on the above table. The  restructuring  charge was
reduced by $219,000  during 2001 to reflect  lower ATM lease  termination  costs
than had been projected.

During September 2001,  Bancorp closed the offices of Leasing  Technology,  Inc.
("LTI"),  an equipment  leasing and finance company acquired in 1998, and halted
lease  originations.  As a  consequence,  the remaining $6.6 million of goodwill
associated with the LTI  acquisition  was  eliminated.  Lease losses at LTI have
been increasing  since December 2000, and the  subsidiary's net charge-offs were
$8.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2001.

Other expenses  increased  slightly from 2000. The increase was primarily due to
higher  telephone,  consulting,  professional fees and operating  expenses.  The
higher operating  expenses were associated with upgrading  Bancorp's call center
and technology infrastructure. The above expense increases were partially offset
by a $1.2 million gain on the sale of an REO property.

On January 30,  2002,  BankAtlantic  announced  a seven day  banking  initiative
scheduled to begin on April 1, 2002.  This  initiative  will  include  Saturday,
Sunday and  extended  weekday  branch  banking and 24 hour call  center  access.
BankAtlantic expects its non-interest  expenses to increase with this initiative
with a corresponding  potential impact on its short term  performance;  however,
management  believes  that seven day banking will position  BankAtlantic  as the
consumer bank of choice in its market.

Levitt Companies Operations

The increase in compensation and benefits  primarily resulted from the expansion
of Levitt  and Sons'  activities.  The  number  of  Levitt  Companies  employees
increased from 188 at January 1, 2001 to 216 at December 31, 2001. The expansion
also resulted in higher selling, general and administrative  expenses.  Included
in selling, general and administrative expenses was a $2.6 million legal accrual
reflecting  an adverse  verdict in a jury trial  against a subsidiary  of Levitt
Companies.  The Complaint  alleged that a partnership  in which Levitt and Sons'
wholly  owned  subsidiary  is a 50% partner  wrongfully  terminated  a contract,
failed to pay for extra work  performed  outside the scope of the  contract  and
breached the contract.  The jury  rendered its verdict on March 7, 2002.  Levitt
Companies intends to vigorously  pursue an appeal of the verdict,  but there can
be no assurance that such appeal will be successful.

                                       37

<PAGE>

Ryan Beck Operations

The decline in employee  compensation  and benefits during 2001 compared to 2000
was primarily due to lower  commission  expenses  associated  with a significant
decline in transactional business from levels attained during 2000.

Occupancy and equipment expense decreases  primarily  resulted from a decline in
depreciation expense.

The  declines  in other  expense  during  2001  compared to the same 2000 period
primarily  resulted from lower floor brokerage and clearing fees attributed to a
significant  reduction in commission  revenues and a new fee schedule negotiated
with the clearing agent during the third quarter of 2000.

During  2001,  management  of Ryan  Beck  took  several  steps  to  improve  its
performance,  including  reductions in staff in certain  underperforming  areas.
These reductions resulted in relatively improved  performance in the latter half
of 2001.  In  addition,  Ryan Beck has  successfully  attracted  several  retail
account  executives and opened two new offices in the State of New York, both of
which are expected to improve future performance.

BFC Holding Company Operations

The increase in employee compensation and benefits was primarily associated with
bonuses paid to employees.

Discontinued Operations

During 2000, Bancorp recognized a $669,000 gain, net of taxes, from discontinued
operations. The gain resulted from a higher than projected gain on the sale of a
building formerly used by the discontinued mortgage servicing unit.

Extraordinary Items

During  the  third  quarter  of 2001,  Bancorp  redeemed  $34.8  million  of its
subordinated  investment notes and recognized a $253,000 extraordinary loss, net
of income tax.

During 2000, Bancorp purchased $53.8 million aggregate principal amount of its 5
5/8%  convertible  debentures  through two tender  offers and  unsolicited  open
market purchases.  These debentures were purchased at a discount  resulting in a
$7.9 million extraordinary gain, net of income tax.

Cumulative Effect of a Change in Accounting Principle

Financial   Accounting  Standards  Board  Statement  No.  133,  "Accounting  for
Derivative  Instruments  and  Hedging  Activities"  ("FAS  133") was  adopted on
January  1,  2001.  At the  adoption  date  Bancorp  recognized  all  derivative
instruments  as defined by FAS 133 in the  statement  of  financial  position as
either assets or liabilities and measured them at fair value resulting in a $1.1
million gain  associated  with the  cumulative  effect of a change in accounting
principle, net of tax.

SEGMENT REPORTING

Management reports the results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries
through seven operating segments.  The operating segments are regularly reviewed
by the chief operating  decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and
in assessing  performance.  Reportable segments consist of one or more operating
segments  with  similar   economic   characteristics,   products  and  services,
production  processes,  type of  customer,  distribution  system and  regulatory
environment. The information provided for Segment Reporting is based on internal
reports utilized by management. Interest expense and certain revenue and expense
items are  allocated to the various  segments as interest  expense and overhead.
The  presentation  and  allocation of interest  expense and overhead and the net
contribution  of the  operating  segments  may not reflect  the actual  economic
costs,  contribution  or  results  of  operations  of the unit as a stand  alone
business.  If a  different  basis  of  allocation  was  utilized,  the  relative
contributions  of the  segments  might  differ  but the  relative  trends in the
segments would, in management's view, likely not be impacted.

                                       38

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  Bank Operations
                            --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands)                   Bank Investments             Commercial Banking            Community Banking
                            --------------------------    --------------------------    --------------------------
                                2001           2000           2001           2000           2001           2000
                            -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
<S>                         <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Interest income             $   179,694    $   178,229    $   118,430    $   116,196    $    27,151    $    33,238
Interest expense and
  Overhead                     (135,160)      (145,565)       (68,864)       (68,030)       (16,325)       (20,229)
Provision for loan losses           215           (449)       (21,096)       (15,866)         3,976        (12,817)
Non-interest income                 919            731          3,074          2,359         11,073         11,693
Segment net income (loss)        24,785         17,898         15,993         17,774          4,063         (5,969)
Average assets              $ 2,571,246    $ 2,484,625    $ 1,368,850    $ 1,173,581    $   323,430    $   350,973

<CAPTION>
(In thousands)                 Total Bank Operations           Levitt Companies                 Ryan Beck
                            --------------------------    --------------------------    --------------------------
                                2001           2000           2001           2000           2001           2000
                            -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
<S>                         <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Interest income             $   325,275        327,663    $     1,989          2,264          1,978    $     2,151
Interest expense and
  Overhead                     (220,349)      (233,824)          (180)        (1,315)          (517)          (551)
Provision for loan losses       (16,905)       (29,132)            --             --             --             --
Non-interest income              15,066         14,783         38,358         29,670         44,683         52,133
Segment net income (loss)        44,841         29,703          7,522          6,955         (1,317)           867
Average assets              $ 4,263,526    $ 4,009,179    $   173,437    $   157,090    $    74,108    $    43,890

<CAPTION>
(In thousands)                 Bancorp Parent Company        BFC Holding Company            Consolidated Total
                            --------------------------    --------------------------    --------------------------
                                2001           2000           2001           2000           2001           2000
                            -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
<S>                         <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Interest income             $       229    $     1,206    $       383    $     1,005    $   329,854    $   334,289
Interest expense and
  overhead                      (18,990)       (22,990)        (4,125)        (3,767)      (244,161)      (262,447)
Provision for loan losses            --             --             --             --        (16,905)       (29,132)
Non-interest income               3,123          1,506         (1,905)        (1,907)        99,325         96,185
Segment net income (loss)       (19,559)       (19,753)        (8,307)        (6,424)        23,180         11,348
Average assets              $    99,220    $    88,844    $    28,751    $    37,654    $ 4,639,042    $ 4,336,657
</TABLE>

Business Segment Results of Operations

Allocation of Overhead - Bank Operations

The Bank Operations overhead allocation rate decreased for all bank segments due
to a substantial  reduction in interest  expense  associated  with lower average
rates on  interest  bearing  liabilities  partially  offset by  higher  interest
bearing  liabilities  average  balances  and  higher  operating  expenses.   The
substantial  decline in average  rates was due to the  declining  interest  rate
environment  during  2001.  The  increased  interest  bearing  liabilities  were
primarily  associated  with the funding of asset  growth.  The higher  operating
expenses  resulted from increased  compensation,  data processing and consulting
expenses.  The increases in data  processing and consulting  fees were primarily
associated with upgrades to technology  infrastructure and Internet banking. The
overall decline in bank operations overhead was allocated to each bank operation
segment pro-rata based on its average assets.

Bank Investments

Segment net income  increased by 38% from 2000. The higher net income  primarily
resulted from a lower overhead  allocation,  increased  interest income,  higher
non-interest  income and a  reduction  in the  provision  for loan  losses.  The
increase in non-interest income primarily resulted from write-downs of purchased
residential  loans held for sale during 2000 with no  corresponding  write-downs
during  2001.  The  increase in interest  income  resulted  from higher  segment
average  balances  partially  offset by lower  yields  on  earning  assets.  The
improvement  in the provision for loan losses  reflects a decline in residential
loan charge-off during 2001 compared to the same 2000 period.


                                       39
<PAGE>


Commercial Banking

Segment  net income  declined  by 10% from 2000.  The  primary  reasons  for the
decline were a substantial  increase in the provision for loan losses (primarily
in  syndications  and lease  activities)  and  secondarily  an  increase  in the
overhead  allocation.  The above  declines in segment net income were  partially
offset by higher interest  income,  a gain on the sale of an REO property and an
increase in non-interest income.

The higher overhead allocation  resulted from a significant  increase in average
assets  during 2001  partially  offset by a decline in the  overhead  allocation
rate.

The improvement in interest income resulted from higher segment average balances
partially offset by lower yields on earning assets.

The increase in  non-interest  income  reflects a $695,000 loss on the sale of a
syndicated loan during 2000.

Included in segment net income during 2001 was the sale of an REO property for a
$1.2 million gain.

Community Banking

Segment net income  increased by $10.0 million during 2001 compared to 2000. The
higher net income  primarily  resulted  from a  significant  improvement  in the
provision for loan losses. The majority of the provision for loan losses in this
segment related to small business loans originated prior to the 2000 fiscal year
and indirect  automobile loans. These portfolios declined  substantially  during
2000 with a  corresponding  reduction in charge-offs  and the provision for loan
losses during 2001.

The decline in interest income was also due to lower average portfolio  balances
during 2001 compared to 2000.

Non-interest  income  declined  slightly  due to lower ATM fee  income  from the
termination of ATM relationships with certain retail outlets.

Levitt Companies

Segment net income from Levitt Companies'  operations increased by 8% from 2000.
The improvement in segment net income primarily resulted from gains on the sales
of real estate and a decline in interest  expense  partially offset by a decline
in  joint  venture  income,   higher  compensation  and  selling,   general  and
administrative expenses and a gain on a utility receivable sale during 2000. The
decline in interest  expense  resulted from an increase in capitalized  interest
during 2001  compared to 2000 due to the  expansion  of Levitt  Companies'  real
estate development activities.  Included in selling,  general and administrative
expenses was a $2.6 million litigation accrual.

Ryan Beck

Ryan Beck posted a segment loss of $1.3 million  during 2001 compared to segment
net income of $867,000  during 2000.  The decline in segment  income during 2001
primarily  reflects lower  investment  banking  income and  commission  revenues
partially  offset by an increase in principal  transactions  from the opening of
new retail  branches as well as revenues from a new  institutional  fixed income
office.  Investment  banking  revenues  were lower due to a reduction  in equity
underwritings , initial public  offerings and consulting  fees. The reduction in
commissions was due to a decline in transactional volume during 2001 compared to
2000.

Bancorp Parent Company

Bancorp  Parent  Company's loss was slightly lower during 2001 compared to 2000.
The  decline  in  interest  expense  and  compensation  expense  was offset by a
goodwill impairment charge and lower interest income.

The  substantial  decline in interest  expense  resulted from the  redemption of
subordinated  investment notes and convertible  debentures during 2000 and 2001.
During 2000,  Bancorp parent company  incurred a one-time charge to compensation
expense of $1.3 million in connection  with the redemption and retirement of all
publicly held outstanding shares of Bancorp's Class B Common Stock.


                                       40
<PAGE>


The slight  increase in  non-interest  income  resulted  from sales in Bancorp's
equity  securities  portfolios.  During 2001,  Bancorp  parent company sold $3.6
million of equity  securities  for a $6.7 million gain.  The gains on sales were
partially  offset by $2.6  million  and $0.9  million  of other  than  temporary
declines in value of equity  securities  available for sale and Bancorp's equity
investments  in private  companies,  respectively.  During 2000,  Bancorp parent
company  sold $3.6  million of equity  securities  for a $2.9  million  gain and
recognized a $780,000 and $630,000 loss on the write down of an equity  security
available for sale and equity investments in private companies, respectively.

BFC Holding Company

BFC Holding  Company  segment net loss in 2001 and 2000 was  approximately  $8.3
million and $6.4 million,  respectively.  The increase in the loss was primarily
due to a decrease  in interest  income and an in  increase in overhead  expense.
Interest income  decreased in 2001 as compared to 2000 because of lower interest
earned from advances associated with the Company's  development and construction
of the Center  Port  property.  Overhead  expenses  increased  primarily  due to
bonuses paid in 2001.  Since 2000, BFC controls  greater than 50% of the vote of
Bancorp and accordingly  Bancorp is consolidated in the financial  statements of
the  Company.  Therefore,  BFC's  equity in earnings  is  excluded  from the BFC
Holding Company segment results. However the provision for income taxes relating
to these earnings is included in the BFC Holding Company segment.

For the Year Ended December 31, 2000 Compared to the Same 1999 Period

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Based on the fact that Bancorp is consolidated into BFC's financial  statements,
the following  management's  discussion  and analysis  deals  primarily with the
activities  of  Bancorp,  since  it  now  represents  substantially  all  of the
Company's assets and business  operations.  Comparative analysis is provided for
Bancorp,  although Bancorp was not  consolidated in the comparable  accompanying
financial statements of the Company prior to 2000.

Overview of Bancorp

Bancorp's income from continuing  operations declined 44% to $16.1 million.  The
primary reasons for the reduced income were higher compensation, advertising and
consulting  expenses,  lower gains from the sale of loans held for sale,  losses
from  Bank  Investments  activities,  lower  earnings  from  investment  banking
operations,   and  a  restructuring   charge  associated  with  ATM  activities.
Additionally,  Bancorp  recognized  a $7.9 million  extraordinary  gain from the
repurchase  of its 5 5/8%  Convertible  Debentures  at a discount  and  recorded
$669,000 of gains from  discontinued  operations  primarily from the sale of the
building occupied by the former mortgage servicing unit.

Net Interest Income

Net  interest  income  excluding  capitalized  interest  and  accretion  of Core
Communities  utility  receivable  decreased  from $114.9  million during 1999 to
$109.6 million during 2000. The reduction in net interest  income  resulted from
the  narrowing  of the net  interest  margin  due to the  rising  interest  rate
environment which began in July 1999 and the acquisition of Levitt and Sons. The
acquisition  of Levitt and Sons  resulted in a 14 basis point decline in the net
interest margin during 2000 primarily  because Levitt and Sons' interest expense
was included in the margin calculation  whereas the income associated with those
borrowings was recognized in  non-interest  income as gains on the sales of real
estate. The unfavorable effects of the lower interest rate margin were partially
offset by growth in average  earning  assets.  During the 2000  period,  average
earning  assets  significantly  increased due to growth in the  commercial  real
estate loan  portfolio and the purchase of  mortgage-backed  securities  held to
maturity.

The net  interest  margin  declined by 42 basis  points  from 1999.  The reduced
margin  was  primarily  the result of the fact that  rates on  interest  bearing
liabilities  increased  faster  than  yields on interest  earning  assets.  Rate
increases  on  interest-bearing  liabilities  were due to higher  rates  paid on
deposit products,  notes payable acquired in connection with the Levitt and Sons
acquisition,  short term borrowings and additional  borrowings by Bancorp Parent
Company  segment to fund the corporate  transaction,  which retired the publicly
held  Class B  Common  shares,  and to  retire a  portion  of  Bancorp's  5 5/8%
convertible  debentures.   The  increased  deposit  average  rates  reflect  the
introduction of new transaction and time deposit products with higher rates than
the existing portfolio. Market rates on short-term borrowings were higher during
2000 compared to 1999.


                                       41
<PAGE>


During  2000,  average  earning  assets  and  average  rate  paying  liabilities
increased  compared to 1999. The rising  interest rate  environment  resulted in
increased  yields on earning  assets with a  corresponding  increase in rates on
interest paying  liabilities.  The higher balances and yields increased interest
income by $41.9 million. Likewise, the higher balances and rates paid on average
interest bearing liabilities increased interest expense by $47.1 million.

Provision for Loan Losses

The provision for loan losses declined by 50% from 1999. The decrease  reflected
Bancorp's  management  assessment  of the inherent  risk  associated  with small
business and indirect loan portfolios due to declining  portfolio balances while
at the same time  recognizing a need for additional  allowances  associated with
syndication and lease financing portfolios.

Gains on Trading Securities and Securities Available for Sale

Gains  on  securities  transactions  increased  by  15%  from  1999.  Securities
transaction  gains  during  2000  primarily  resulted  from the  sales of equity
securities and unrealized gains on forward  contracts.  Securities  transactions
gains during 1999 resulted primarily from sales of mortgage-backed securities.

Non-interest Income

Other  non-interest  income  increased  by  16%  from  1999.  The  increase  was
attributed to  significantly  higher gains on real estate sales  associated with
the construction  and development  activities of Levitt  Companies.  These gains
were  partially  offset by losses on the sale of loans held for sale during 2000
compared  to gains  during  1999.  Losses on loan sales  during 2000 were due to
unfavorable  market  conditions  caused by a rising  interest  rate  environment
during 2000 and the sale of a syndicated loan for a $695,000 loss.

Non-interest Expense

Non-interest  expense  increased  by 27% from 1999.  The  increase  reflects the
inclusion  of  Levitt  and  Sons'  operations  during  the 2000  period,  higher
compensation,  advertising  and  consulting  expenses  associated  with  banking
operations and higher investment banking operating expenses associated with Ryan
Beck's   diversification   into  the  analytical  coverage  of  new  industries.
Additionally,  a $2.7 million restructuring charge and impairment write-down was
incurred  associated with a strategic  decision to terminate  BankAtlantic's ATM
relationships with two retailers.

Discontinued Operations

During 1999, a $2.1 million gain, net of taxes was recognized from  discontinued
operations.  The gain resulted from lower than anticipated costs associated with
the mortgage servicing portfolio sale along with higher servicing balances based
on slower than anticipated loan repayments.

Business Segment Results of Operations

Bank Investments

Segment  net income  declined by 21% from 1999.  The lower net income  primarily
resulted  from  lower  gains on the sale of  residential  loans  held for  sale,
write-downs  of loans held for sale and an increase in the interest  expense and
overhead allocation to this segment.

The decrease in  non-interest  income was primarily  associated with lower gains
associated  with loans held for sale and  write-downs  of purchased  residential
loans held for sale.  The declines in gains on sales of  residential  loans held
for sale and write-downs of residential  loans resulted from unfavorable  market
conditions during 2000.

The above declines in segment net income were partially offset by an increase in
interest income primarily  associated with higher rates earned on average assets
caused by higher interest rates during 2000 compared to 1999.


                                       42
<PAGE>


Commercial Banking

Segment  net income  declined  by 20% from 1999.  The  primary  reasons  for the
decline were a substantial  increase in the provision for loan losses (primarily
in syndications and lease  activities),  a significant gain on the sale of a REO
property  during 1999 for which no similar gain was realized in 2000,  losses on
the sale of a problem  syndicated  loan and an increase in interest  expense and
overhead allocated to this segment.

The above declines in segment net income were partially offset by an increase in
interest  income  attributed to a substantial  increase in the  commercial  real
estate loan  portfolio  and higher  rates earned on average  assets  compared to
1999.

The decline in non-interest income resulted from a $1.5 million gain on the sale
of an REO property  during 1999 and a $695,000  loss on the sale of a syndicated
loan  during  2000.  There were no  significant  gains on the sale of REO in the
segment during 2000 and there were no loans sold from this segment during 1999.

Community Banking

Segment net loss  declined by $3.6  million  during 2000  compared to 1999.  The
improvement in the community banking segment operations  primarily resulted from
a significantly  lower  provision for loan losses.  This  improvement  reflected
reduced  originations in the small business loan portfolio and the discontinuing
of the origination of indirect  automobile  loans in December 1998. The majority
of the provision for loan losses in this segment related to small business loans
originated prior to the 2000 fiscal year and indirect  automobile  loans.  These
portfolios declined substantially during 2000 with a corresponding  reduction in
charge-offs and the provision for loan losses.

The decline in interest income was also due to lower average portfolio  balances
during 2000 compared to 1999.

Non-interest  income  decreased  slightly due to higher ATM fee income partially
offset by declines in loan fees.

Levitt Companies

Segment net income from Levitt Companies' operations increased by 72% from 1999.
The improvement in segment net income primarily resulted from the acquisition of
Levitt and Sons during  December  1999 and  secondarily  higher income from Core
Communities  operations  due to  the  utility  receivable  sale.  Excluding  the
acquisition  of  Levitt  and  Sons,   interest  income  increased  by  $300,000,
non-interest income increased by $3.0 million and non-interest expense increased
by $1.8 million.

Ryan Beck

Segment income from operations declined by 63% from 1999. The decline in segment
income during 2000 primarily reflects lower investment banking income and higher
operating expenses.

Total non-interest income increased from 1999. While investment banking revenues
declined  during 2000,  revenues from  principal  transactions  and  commissions
increased  22% and  24%,  respectively.  This  increase  reflected  a  strategic
expansion  of  operations,  in the latter half of 1999,  which added  analytical
coverage  of  new   industries,   including  the  consumer   services,   energy,
homebuilding,   healthcare  and  pharmaceuticals   industries.  The  decline  in
investment banking revenue can be attributed to an all-time record-size offering
during 1999. The increase in operating  expenses  resulted from the  significant
expansion of Ryan Beck's operations discussed above.

Bancorp Parent Company

Bancorp Parent  Company's loss increased by $6.7 million during 2000 compared to
1999. This additional net loss reflected additional  borrowings  associated with
redemption of Bancorp's  Class B Common Stock and lower  interest  income due to
the repayment of a $10 million note receivable from Ryan Beck.

BFC Holding Company

BFC Holding Company segment net loss in 2000 was approximately  $6.4 million and
segment  net  income in 1999 was  approximately  $7.3  million.  In 1999,  BFC's
investment  in  Bancorp  was  carried on the equity  basis and  accordingly  the
non-interest  income  component  includes $10.5 million in equity in earnings of
Bancorp. Since 2000, BFC has controlled greater


                                       43
<PAGE>


than 50% of the vote of Bancorp and  accordingly  Bancorp is consolidated in the
financial  statements  of the  Company.  Therefore,  BFC's equity in earnings is
excluded from the BFC Holding Company segment results in 2000. Reflected in 2000
is an impairment loss on securities of approximately $4.6 million.

Financial Condition

We consider the interest  rate  sensitivity,  credit  risk,  liquidity  risk and
equity pricing risk of our assets and liabilities,  general economic  conditions
and our capital position in managing our financial condition.

Our total  assets for each of the years at December  31, 2001 and 2000 were $4.7
billion.  Components of total assets changed.  These changes primarily  resulted
from  an  increase  in:  investment  securities  and tax  certificates,  trading
securities,  cash,  FHLB stock and real estate held for development and sale and
joint  ventures.  The above  increases  were offset by  declines  in  securities
available for sale, loans receivable,  accrued interest  receivable and deferred
tax assets and cost over fair value of net assets acquired, net.

The increase in investment  securities and tax certificates was primarily due to
the purchase of adjustable rate  mortgage-backed  securities and secondarily due
to growth in  Bancorp's  tax  certificate  portfolio.  The  increase  in trading
securities relates to Ryan Beck's trading  activities.  The higher cash balances
reflect an increase in amounts due from correspondent banks. The additional FHLB
stock was due to higher  required  balances  associated  with FHLB  advances  at
December  31,  2001  compared  to 2000.  The  increase  in real  estate held for
development  and sale and joint  ventures  primarily  resulted from purchases of
land  for  future  development  at  Core  Communities  and the  commencement  of
additional real estate projects at Levitt and Sons.

The decrease in  securities  available  for sale resulted from a decline in fair
value and  write-downs of equity  securities at BFC. This decrease was partially
offset by an increase  in  Bancorp's  securities  available  for sale  balances,
reflecting the purchase of adjustable rate mortgage-backed  securities partially
offset by principal  repayments  primarily on REMIC securities.  The decrease in
net  loans  receivable  primarily  resulted  from  declining  loan  balances  in
BankAtlantic's  discontinued  lines of business and residential  loans.  Bancorp
discontinued  the  origination of indirect  consumer loans,  syndication  loans,
international  loans to  correspondent  banks and lease financing  lending.  The
origination of small business loans was also significantly  reduced. The decline
in residential  loan balances  reflects  accelerated loan prepayments due to the
declining  interest  rate  environment  during  2001.  The  decrease  in accrued
interest  receivable resulted from lower balances and yields on loans as well as
a decline in amounts  receivable  associated  with interest rate swap contracts.
The decline in deferred tax assets  primarily  resulted  from an increase in the
deferred tax liability on unrealized  appreciation  on securities  available for
sale and  secondarily  from  reductions  in deferred tax assets from the sale of
real  estate.  The  reduction  in cost over fair  value of net  assets  acquired
reflects a $6.6 million  goodwill  impairment  charge  associated with Bancorp's
leasing subsidiary, LTI as well as amortization of goodwill during 2001.

Our total  liabilities  at December 31, 2001 and 2000 were $4.2 billion and $4.4
billion, respectively. The decrease in total liabilities primarily resulted from
a decrease in short term borrowings and subordinated debentures partially offset
by higher deposit balances,  advances from the FHLB,  deferred tax liability and
other liabilities.

The decline in short term  borrowings  reflects an increase in deposits and FHLB
advance borrowings.  The reduction in subordinated debentures primarily resulted
from the redemption of Bancorp's subordinated investment notes and conversion of
Bancorp's convertible subordinated debentures.

The increase in deposit accounts was due to higher transaction  account balances
partially offset by a decline in certificate  accounts.  The transaction account
increase  reflects  the  introduction  of no charge  checking  products  and the
declining  interest  rate  environment  resulting  in the  migration  of deposit
balances from  certificate  accounts to money market  accounts.  The increase in
other liabilities reflects higher "securities sold not yet purchased" associated
with Ryan Beck's  trading  activities  and an increase in current  income  taxes
payable.

The increase in minority  interest was primarily due to an increase in Bancorp's
equity  transactions.  This increase was partially offset with a decrease in the
venture  partnerships  minority  interest  primarily  attributed to decreases in
other comprehensive income.


                                       44
<PAGE>


The increase in BFC's  stockholders'  equity was  primarily due to net income of
$5.5 million  partially  offset by a decrease in other  comprehensive  income of
$2.3 million primarily associated with a decrease in unrealized  appreciation on
securities available for sale and a $1.6 million reduction in additional paid in
capital as a result of a decrease in BFC's percentage ownership of Bancorp.

The regulatory  capital ratios of  BankAtlantic  as well as a description of the
components of risk-based capital and capital adequacy  requirements are included
in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.

Asset and Liability Management

Bancorp's asset  liability  management is governed by policies that are reviewed
and  approved  BankAtlantic's  Board  of  Directors.  The  asset  and  liability
committee, which is comprised of members of BankAtlantic's executive management,
meets quarterly and monitors market risks to develop risk management  strategies
that are in accordance with BankAtlantic's policies.

Bancorp  originates  commercial  real estate loans,  commercial  business loans,
small business loans,  and consumer loans which generally have higher yields and
shorter  durations  than  residential  real estate loans.  In the past,  Bancorp
originated  residential  loans with both  fixed and  adjustable  rates,  however
currently the majority of  residential  loans  originated  are CRA loans sold to
correspondents.  Bancorp also purchases both fixed and variable rate residential
loans which are retained for  portfolio.  Bancorp also acquires  mortgage-backed
securities  (including REMIC) and Treasury  securities with intermediate  terms.
Bancorp  emphasizes the  origination of low cost  transaction  accounts that are
generally  less  interest  rate  sensitive  than  time  deposits.   Bancorp  has
introduced  numerous deposit  products to promote growth of transaction  deposit
accounts.  Bancorp  has also  obtained  brokered  deposits in  conjunction  with
interest rate swap contracts in order to fund LIBOR based commercial  loans. The
interest rate swap contracts  have the effect of converting  fixed rate deposits
to LIBOR based  borrowings.  Bancorp has also  entered into  variable  rate FHLB
advances along with interest rate swap contracts in order to fix the variability
of cash  outflows on floating  rate  advances.  Bancorp has also  increased  its
participation  in the State of Florida's public funds program because rates paid
were lower than current certificate rates.

Market Risk

Market  risk is  defined as the risk of loss  arising  from  adverse  changes in
market valuations which arise from interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange
rate risk,  commodity  price risk and equity price risk.  The Company's  primary
market risk is interest rate risk and its secondary  market risk is equity price
risk. BFC's primary market risk,  without  consideration  of Bancorp,  is equity
price risk relating to its equity  investments.  At December 31, 2001,  BFC held
$10.7 million in publicly  traded  securities  and $4.9 million in  non-publicly
traded  companies.  During 2001,  BFC  wrote-off  $4.4 million of  investment in
equity  securities  due to a decline  in value not  considered  to be other than
temporary.

Interest Rate Risk

The  majority  of  Bancorp's  assets  and  liabilities  are  monetary  in nature
subjecting  Bancorp to  significant  interest rate risk which would arise if the
relative values of each of its assets and liabilities change in conjunction with
a general rise or decline in interest rates. Bancorp has developed a model using
standard  industry  software to quantify its interest  rate risk. A  sensitivity
analysis was  performed  measuring  potential  gains and losses in net portfolio
fair  values of  interest  rate  sensitive  instruments  at  December  31,  2001
resulting from a change in interest rates.  Interest rate sensitive  instruments
included in the model were:

     o    Loan portfolio,
     o    Debt securities available for sale,
     o    Investment securities,
     o    FHLB stock,
     o    Federal Funds sold,
     o    Deposits,
     o    Advances from FHLB,
     o    Securities sold under agreements to repurchase,
     o    Federal Funds purchased,
     o    Subordinated Debentures,
     o    Notes and bonds payable,

                                       45
<PAGE>


     o    Interest rate swaps,
     o    Forward contracts,
     o    Trust Preferred Securities, and
     o    Off-balance sheet loan commitments.

The model  calculates  the net potential  gains and losses in net portfolio fair
value by:

         (i)    discounting   anticipated   cash  flows  from  existing  assets,
                liabilities and  off-balance  sheet contracts and derivatives at
                market rates to determine fair values at December 31, 2001,
         (ii)   discounting the above expected cash flows based on instantaneous
                and parallel shifts in the yield curve to determine fair values;
                and
         (iii)  the difference between the fair value calculated in (i) and (ii)
                is the potential gains and losses in net portfolio fair values.

Management of Bancorp has made  estimates of fair value  discount  rates that it
believes to be reasonable.  However,  because there is no quoted market for many
of these financial instruments,  there is no basis to determine whether the fair
value presented  would be indicative of the value  negotiated in an actual sale.
Additionally,  these fair value  estimates  do not  consider the tax effect that
would be associated  with the  disposition of the assets or liabilities at their
fair value estimates.

Subordinated debentures,  notes and bonds payable and Trust Preferred Securities
were valued for this purpose based on their contractual maturities or redemption
date.  Bancorp's  interest rate risk policy has been approved by Bancorp's Board
of Directors and establishes  guidelines for tolerance  levels for net portfolio
value  changes  based on interest  rate  volatility.  Management  of Bancorp has
maintained the portfolio within these established tolerances.

Certain assumptions by Bancorp in assessing the interest rate risk were utilized
in preparing the table below. These assumptions related to:

     o    Interest rates,
     o    Loan prepayment rates,
     o    Deposit decay rates,
     o    Market values of certain assets under various interest rate scenarios,
          and
     o    Repricing of certain borrowings.

The prepayment assumptions used in the model are:

         a)    Fixed rate mortgages                           25%
         b)    Fixed rate securities                       12-13%
         c)    Tax certificates                               10%

Deposit runoff assumptions used in the model are as follows:

                                            Within    1-3      3-5      Over 5
                                            1 Year   Years    Years     Years
                                            ------   -----    -----     ------
Money fund savings accounts decay rates      17%      17%      16%       14%
NOW and savings accounts decay rates         37%      32%      17%       17%


                                       46
<PAGE>


Presented  below is an analysis of Bancorp's  interest rate risk at December 31,
2001. The table measures  changes in net portfolio value for  instantaneous  and
parallel shifts in the yield curve in 100 basis point increments up or down.

                                     Net
                                  Portfolio
                        Changes     Value        Dollar
                        in Rate     Amount       Change
                       --------   ---------    ---------
                            (dollars in thousands)
                       +200 bp     $485,315    $(40,950)
                       +100 bp     $519,686    $ (6,579)
                             0     $526,265    $     --
                       -100 bp     $491,845    $(34,420)
                       -200 bp     $451,960    $(74,305)

It was also  assumed  that  delinquency  rates  would not  change as a result of
changes in interest  rates although there can be no assurance that this would be
the case. Even if interest rates change in the designated increments,  there can
be no assurance  that the assets and  liabilities  would perform as indicated in
the table above. In addition,  a change in U.S. Treasury rates in the designated
amounts,  accompanied  by a change in the shape of the yield  curve  could cause
significantly  different  changes  to the  fair  values  than  indicated  above.
Furthermore,  the results of the calculations in the preceding table are subject
to  significant   deviations   based  upon  actual  future   events,   including
anticipatory and reactive measures which we may take in the future.

Equity Price Risk

The Company  maintains a portfolio of trading and available for sale  securities
which  subjects  the  Company to equity  pricing  risks which would arise as the
relative values of our equity  securities  changed in conjunction with market or
economic conditions.  The change in fair values of equity securities  represents
instantaneous  changes in all equity prices  segregated  by trading,  securities
sold not yet  purchased and  available  for sale  securities.  The following are
hypothetical  changes in the fair value of the  Company's  trading and available
for sale  securities  at December 31, 2001 based on  percentage  changes in fair
value.  Actual future price  appreciation or depreciation  may be different from
the changes identified in the table below.

                                 Available      Securities
        Percent     Trading       for Sale       Sold Not
       Change in  Securities     Securities         Yet          Dollar
      Fair Value  Fair Value     Fair Value     Purchased        Change
      ----------  ----------     ----------     ----------     ---------
                           (dollars in thousands)
         20%       $ 81,955       $ 46,573      $ 46,117       $  29,107
         10%       $ 75,126       $ 42,692      $ 42,274       $  14,554
          0%       $ 68,296       $ 38,811      $ 38,431       $       0
        -10%       $ 61,466       $ 34,930      $ 34,588       $(14,554)
        -20%       $ 54,637       $ 31,049      $ 30,745       $(29,107)

Excluded from the above table is $20.2 million of investments held by Bancorp in
private companies for which no current market exists.  The ability to realize on
or liquidate these  investments  will depend on future market  conditions and is
subject to significant  risk.  Investments in private  companies are recorded in
our  financial  statements  at  historical  cost.  Declines in the fair value of
individual  equity  securities  below  their cost that are other than  temporary
result in write-downs of the  individual  securities to their fair value.  These
fair values are determined  based on the information  available to management at
the valuation date and the actual fair value of the securities may vary from the
estimated  fair value and may change  based on changes in future  conditions  or
changes in industry.

Ryan Beck is a market maker in equity  securities which could result,  from time
to time in Ryan Beck holding securities during declining markets.


                                       47
<PAGE>


Interest Rate Sensitivity

Changes  in  interest  rates  can  impact  net  interest  income  as well as the
valuation of assets and liabilities,  as the relative spreads between assets and
our  liabilities can widen or narrow due to changes in the overall levels of and
changes in market interest rates.

Profitability  is  dependent  to a large  extent  on net  interest  income.  Net
interest income is the difference  between  interest income on  interest-earning
assets,  such as loans,  and interest expense on  interest-bearing  liabilities,
such as deposits. Changes in market interest rates, changes in the relationships
between  short-term  and  long-term  market  interest  rates,  or changes in the
relationships  between different interest rate indices,  can affect the interest
rates charged on  interest-earning  assets  differently  than the interest rates
paid  on  interest-bearing  liabilities.  This  difference  could  result  in an
increase in interest expense  relative to interest income.  While an attempt has
been made to structure asset and liability management strategies to mitigate the
impact on net interest income of changes in market interest rates, such strategy
may not successful.

Generally, as interest rates fall, loan prepayments accelerate. Prepayments in a
declining  interest rate  environment  reduce net interest  income and adversely
impact  earnings  due to  accelerated  amortization  of  loan  premiums  and the
reinvestment  of loan  payoffs  at lower  rates  than the  loans  that have been
repaid. Significant loan prepayments in the purchased residential loan portfolio
in the future could have an adverse effect on future earnings.

BFC's Liquidity and Capital Resources

The primary sources of funds to the Company (without  consideration of Bancorp's
liquidity and capital resources which except as noted, are not available to BFC)
were  dividends  from  Bancorp,  funds  received  from the sale of the Company's
ownership  interest in Delray  Industrial Park and a building at BMOC,  revenues
from property  operations,  principal and interest  payments on loan receivables
and  borrowings.  Funds  were  primarily  utilized  by BFC to  invest  in equity
securities,  reduce mortgage  payable and other borrowings and to fund operating
expenses  and  general  and  administrative  expenses.  BFC has an $8.0  million
revolving line of credit that can be utilized for working capital as needed.  At
December 31, 2001, approximately $3.48 million was available under this facility
that matures in December 2002 and bears interest at the prime rate plus 1%.

During 1999 and 2000, the Company (without  consideration  of Bancorp)  acquired
interests  in  unaffiliated  technology  entities.  During  2000 and  2001,  the
Company's interests in the technology entities were transferred at the Company's
cost to specified  asset limited  partnerships.  Subsidiaries of the Company are
the controlling general partners of these venture partnerships,  therefore, they
are consolidated in these financial  statements.  Interests in such partnerships
were sold in 2000 and 2001 to accredited investors in private offerings.  During
2000,  approximately  $5.1 million of capital was raised from unaffiliated third
parties by these  partnerships  and officers,  directors  and  affiliates of the
Company invested approximately $4.4 million in the Partnership.  The Company and
the general partners retained ownership interests of approximately $1.8 million.
Additionally,  during  2001,  approximately  $895,000 of capital was raised from
unaffiliated  third parties by these  partnerships  and officers,  directors and
affiliates  of  the  Company   invested   approximately   $1.3  million  in  the
partnerships.  The Company and the general partners retained ownership interests
of approximately $3.8 million increasing the Company's total investment in these
partnerships to $5.6 million. Of the $1.3 million, Alan Levan and Jack Abdo each
borrowed  $500,000  from the  Company  on a  recourse  basis  and Glen  Gilbert,
Executive  Vice  President,  and Earl  Pertnoy,  a director of the Company  each
borrowed $50,000 on a non-recourse basis to make their investments. Such amounts
were still  outstanding at the end of the year,  bear interest at the prime rate
plus 1% and are payable  interest only  annually with the entire  balance due in
February 2006.  After the limited  partners  receive a specified return from the
partnerships,  the  general  partners  are  entitled  to receive 20% of all cash
distributions from the partnerships.  The general partners are limited liability
companies  of which the  members  are:  John E. Abdo - 13.75%;  Alan B.  Levan -
9.25%;  Glen R.  Gilbert - 2.0%;  John E.  Abdo,  Jr. - 17.5% and BFC  Financial
Corporation  - 57.5%.  Losses  net of  minority  interests  for the  year  ended
December  31, 2001 were  $881,000.  At December  31,  2001,  the  Company's  net
investment in these partnerships was $4.7 million.

As previously  indicated the Company holds  approximately 23% of the outstanding
Bancorp  Common  Stock.  The  payment  of  dividends  by  Bancorp  is subject to
declaration   by  Bancorp's   Board  of  Directors  and   applicable   indenture
restrictions  and loan covenants and will also depend upon,  among other things,
the results of operations,  financial condition and cash requirements of Bancorp
and the ability of BankAtlantic  to pay dividends or otherwise  advance funds to
Bancorp,  which  in  turn  is  subject  to  OTS  regulation  and is  based  upon
BankAtlantic's  regulatory  capital  levels and net  income.  While  there is no
assurance  that  Bancorp will pay  dividends  in the future,  Bancorp has paid a
regular  quarterly  dividend to its common  stockholders  since  August 1993 and
management  of  Bancorp  has  indicated  that it will  seek to  declare  regular
quarterly cash  dividends on the Bancorp Common Stock.  Bancorp pays a quarterly
dividend of $.029 per share on its Class A and Class B Common Stock.


                                       48
<PAGE>


Based on its current level of ownership and Bancorp's current dividend rate, BFC
receives approximately $382,000 per quarter in dividends from Bancorp.

Bancorp's Liquidity and Capital Resources

On March 22, 2002 BankAtlantic  acquired  Community Savings Bankshares Inc., the
parent company of Community Savings, F.A. ("Community"),  for approximately $170
million in cash and  immediately  merged  Community  into  BankAtlantic.  At the
acquisition   date  Bancorp  made  a  $78.5  million  capital   contribution  to
BankAtlantic.  BankAtlantic  funded  the  acquisition  of  Community  from $78.5
million of the capital contribution received from Bancorp and the liquidation of
investments...Community  was a federally  chartered savings and loan association
founded in 1955 and headquartered in North Palm Beach, Florida. Community had 21
branches,  with 13 located in Palm Beach County,  4 located in Martin County,  3
located in St. Lucie County and 1 located in Indian River County.

Bancorp's principal source of liquidity are dividends from BankAtlantic. Bancorp
also  obtains  funds  through  the  issuance  of  equity  securities,  sales  of
securities  available  for sale,  borrowings  from  financial  institutions  and
issuance of debt securities.  Bancorp's annual debt service at December 31, 2001
associated with its subordinated  debentures,  Trust Preferred  Securities,  and
financial  institution  borrowings  was $12.1 million and was increased to $16.8
million  as a result of the March  2002  trust  preferred  securities  issuance.
Bancorp's  estimated  current annual  dividends to common  shareholders are $6.7
million.   During  2001,  Bancorp  received  $22.2  million  of  dividends  from
BankAtlantic.  The  declaration  and  payment of  dividends  and the  ability of
Bancorp to meet its debt  service  obligations  will  depend  upon,  among other
things, the results of operations,  financial condition and cash requirements of
Bancorp as well as indenture  restrictions and loan covenants and on the ability
of BankAtlantic to pay dividends or otherwise advance funds to Bancorp. Payments
and  distributions  by BankAtlantic  are subject to OTS approval and regulations
and are based upon  BankAtlantic's  regulatory  capital  levels and net  income.
Certain  covenants  contained in a Levitt  Companies loan agreement  prohibit it
from paying  dividends to Bancorp.  Ryan Beck has not paid  dividends to Bancorp
and it is not  anticipated  that Ryan Beck will pay dividends to Bancorp  during
2002. For a further  discussion on dividend  restrictions  see Note 10 and 16 to
the consolidated financial statements.

Bancorp maintains a revolving credit facility of $30 million from an independent
financial   institution.   The  credit  facility  contains  customary  covenants
including  financial covenants relating to regulatory capital and maintenance of
certain loan loss  reserves and is secured by the common stock of  BankAtlantic.
At December 31, 2001,  approximately  $100,000 was outstanding under this credit
facility and Bancorp was in compliance  with all loan  covenants at December 31,
2001.  Amounts  outstanding  accrue  interest  at the prime  rate minus 50 basis
points and the note matures on September 1, 2004.  This facility may be used for
general corporate purposes.

From  time to  time,  Bancorp  borrows  funds  under a  margin  account  with an
unrelated  broker/dealer.  The terms of this account are ordinary and  customary
for such accounts.

In  October  2001,  Bancorp  filed  a  shelf  registration  statement  with  the
Securities and Exchange Commission to offer from time to time up to an aggregate
of $150 million of debt  securities,  Class A Common  Stock and trust  preferred
securities. During December 2001, Bancorp sold 6.9 million shares of its Class A
Common  Stock  under  this  registration  statement  in an  underwritten  public
offering  at a price of $8.25 per share.  The net  proceeds  after  underwriting
discounts and expenses were approximately $53.5 million.

Bancorp  formed  Bancorp  Capital  Trust II ("Bancorp  Capital II"), a statutory
business  trust  which was formed for the  purpose  of issuing  Trust  Preferred
Securities  and investing the proceeds  thereof in Bancorp  Junior  Subordinated
Debentures.  In March 2002,  Bancorp  completed an underwritten  public offering
under this shelf registration  statement in which Capital II issued 2.22 million
shares of 8.5% Trust  Preferred  Securities,  at a price of $25 per  share.  The
gross  proceeds from the offering of $55.4 million were invested in an identical
principal amount of our 8.50% Junior Subordinated Debentures which bear interest
at the same  rate as the  8.50%  Trust  Preferred  Securities  and have a stated
maturity of 30 years. In addition,  Bancorp  contributed $1.7 million to Bancorp
Capital II in exchange  for Bancorp  Capital  II's  Common  Securities  and such
proceeds  were  also  invested  in  an  identical  principal  amount  of  Junior
Subordinated  Debentures.  Bancorp  Capital II's sole asset is $57.1  million in
aggregate principal amount of 8.50% Junior Subordinated  Debentures.  Holders of
Bancorp Capital II's Trust Preferred  Securities and the Trust Common Securities
are entitled to receive a cumulative cash  distribution at a fixed 8.50% rate of
the $25 liquidation  amount of each security and the Trust Preferred  Securities
will  have a  preference  under  certain  circumstances  with  respect  to  cash
distributions  and amounts payable on liquidation,  redemption or otherwise over
the Trust Common Securities held by Bancorp.  The Trust Preferred Securities are
considered debt for financial accounting and tax


                                       49
<PAGE>


purposes.  The net proceeds from this Trust Preferred  Securities offering after
underwriting discounts and expenses were approximately $53.5 million.

In March 1997,  Bancorp  formed  Bancorp  Capital  Trust I ("Bancorp  Capital").
Bancorp  Capital is a statutory  business trust which was formed for the purpose
of issuing 9 1/2%  Cumulative  Trust  Preferred  Securities  and  investing  the
proceeds  thereof in Bancorp  Junior  Subordinated  Debentures.  In April  1997,
Bancorp  Capital issued 2.99 million shares of Trust  Preferred  Securities at a
price of $25 per share.  The gross  proceeds from the offering of $74.75 million
were  invested in identical  principal  amount of our 9.50% Junior  Subordinated
Debentures  which  bear  interest  at  the  same  rate  as the  Trust  Preferred
Securities  and  have a  stated  maturity  of 30  years.  In  addition,  Bancorp
contributed  $2.3 million to Bancorp  Capital in exchange for Bancorp  Capital's
Common Securities (the "Common Securities") and such proceeds were also invested
in an identical  principal  amount of Junior  Subordinated  Debentures.  Bancorp
Capital's  sole asset is $77.1 million in aggregate  principal  amount of 9 1/2%
Junior Subordinated  Debentures.  Holders of Trust Preferred  Securities and the
Trust Common  Securities are entitled to receive a cumulative cash  distribution
at a fixed 9.50% rate of the $25  liquidation  amount of each  Security  and the
Trust Preferred  Securities will have a preference  under certain  circumstances
with  respect  to  cash   distributions  and  amounts  payable  on  liquidation,
redemption or otherwise over the Trust Common  Securities  held by Bancorp.  The
Trust Preferred  Securities are considered debt for financial accounting and tax
purposes.

On  November  25,  1997,  Bancorp  issued  $100.0  million of 5 5/8%  Debentures
maturing  on December  1, 2007.  The 5 5/8%  Debentures  are  convertible  at an
exercise  price of $11.25 per share into Bancorp's  Class A common stock.  The 5
5/8%  Debentures  are  redeemable at Bancorp's  option,  in whole or in part, at
fixed redemption prices. The outstanding  balance of Bancorp's 5 5/8% Debentures
at December 31, 2001 was $46.1 million.

Bancorp's currently outstanding 9% Subordinated  Debentures provide that Bancorp
cannot  declare or pay  dividends  on, or purchase,  redeem or acquire for value
Bancorp's capital stock, return any capital to holders of capital stock as such,
or make any distributions of assets to holders of capital stock as such, unless,
from  and  after  the  date  of  any  such  dividend  declaration  or  purchase,
redemption,  payment or distribution,  Bancorp retains cash, cash equivalents or
marketable  securities  sufficient  to  cover  the two  consecutive  semi-annual
interest  payments  that will be next due and payable.  Bancorp is in compliance
with this requirement.

In connection  with  Bancorp's  acquisition  of Ryan Beck in June 1998,  Bancorp
established a retention pool covering  certain key officers of Ryan Beck,  under
which 785,866 shares of Bancorp  restricted  Class A Common Stock were issued to
key employees.  The retention pool was valued at $8.1 million at the acquisition
date,  and the  shares  vest four  years  from the date of  acquisition  and are
treated as  compensation  expense.  In January  2000,  each  participant  in the
retention pool was provided the  opportunity  to exchange the restricted  shares
that were allocated to such participant for a cash-based  deferred  compensation
award in an  amount  equal to the  aggregate  value at the date of the Ryan Beck
acquisition.   The  deferred   compensation   awards  were  granted   under  the
BankAtlantic Bancorp,  Inc., Deferred Compensation Plan ("Plan"). The purpose of
the plan was to  provide  employees  of Ryan  Beck  with a  cash-based  deferred
compensation  plan in  exchange  for their  interest in the  restricted  Class A
Common Stock issued upon the  establishment  of the retention  pool. On March 1,
2000,  749,533  shares of Bancorp  Class A  restricted  Common  Stock out of the
755,474 shares outstanding under the retention pool were retired in exchange for
the  establishment  of interests in the new plan in the aggregate amount of $7.8
million.  Bancorp may at their option terminate the Plan at any time without the
consent of the  participants or stockholders  and distribute to the participants
the  amount  credited  to their  deferred  account  (in whole or in  part).  The
participant's  account  will be settled by Bancorp in cash on the  vesting  date
(June 28, 2002) except that Bancorp can elect to defer payment of up to 50% of a
participant's  interest  in the plan for up to one year  following  the  vesting
date. If Bancorp elects to exercise its rights to defer 50% of the cash payment,
Bancorp  will issue a note  bearing  interest at prime plus 1% for the  deferred
portion of the payment.

On October 1, 2001,  BankAtlantic  transferred  its direct  ownership  in Levitt
Companies to Bancorp.  There is no assurance  that periodic  sales of properties
from real estate  investments  will be sufficient to fund operating  expenses as
incurred in future  years.  To the extent real estate  sales are not adequate to
cover operating  expenses as incurred,  it may be necessary to fund an operating
deficit from other  sources.  While  Bancorp is not obligated to repay any third
party  debt  of  Levitt  Companies  under  any  circumstances,   Bancorp  has  a
significant  investment in Levitt Companies and BankAtlantic has loans to Levitt
Companies and Levitt  Companies' joint ventures.  Levitt Companies  borrowed $15
million from an unaffiliated  financial  institutuion to finance the purchase of
Levitt and Sons.  The  obligation is secured by the stock of Levitt and Sons and
contains  covenants in the loan agreement that prohibit the payment of dividends
or other  advances by Levitt  Companies  to Bancorp.  There is  currently  $12.4
million  outstanding  on this loan. The loan bears interest at the prime plus 50
basis points and is scheduled to have an outstanding  balance of $4.9 million at
the September 1, 2005 maturity date.


                                       50
<PAGE>


BankAtlantic's  liquidity will depend on its ability to generate sufficient cash
to meet funding needs to support loan demand, to meet deposit withdrawals and to
pay operating expenses. BankAtlantic's securities portfolio provides an internal
source of liquidity as a consequence  of its  short-term  investments as well as
scheduled  maturities  and interest  payments.  Loan  repayments  and sales also
provide an internal source of liquidity.

Total   commitments  to  originate  and  purchase   loans  and   mortgage-backed
securities,  excluding  the  undisbursed  portion  of  loans  in  process,  were
approximately $268.5 million,  $143.8 million and $217.2 million at December 31,
2001,  2000 and 1999,  respectively.  BankAtlantic  also  entered  into a 5 year
forward commitment to purchase the remaining balance of an identified  portfolio
of government agency securities in March 2005. The original principal balance of
the portfolio was $225 million and the outstanding principal balance at December
31, 2001 was $110.8  million.  The  portfolio  is  estimated to paydown to $14.9
million  during the 5 year  commitment  period.  BankAtlantic  has  historically
funded its commitments  out of loan  repayments,  deposit growth,  and short and
intermediate  term  borrowings.  At December 31,  2001,  loan  commitments  were
approximately 9.7% of loans receivable, net.

BankAtlantic's primary sources of funds have been deposits, principal repayments
of loans and tax  certificates;  securities  available  for sale;  maturities of
securities  held to  maturity;  proceeds  from the sale of loans and  investment
securities;  sales of branch  facilities,  proceeds from  securities  sold under
agreements to repurchase;  advances from FHLB; operations; other borrowings; and
capital contributions from Bancorp.  These funds were primarily utilized to fund
loan disbursements and purchases, repayments of securities sold under agreements
to repurchase,  maturities of advances from FHLB,  purchases of tax certificates
and  payments  of  maturing  certificates  of deposit and payment of dividend to
Bancorp. The FHLB has granted BankAtlantic a $1.4 billion line of credit subject
to available  collateral,  with a maximum term of ten years secured by a blanket
lien on all of BankAtlantic's  residential mortgage loans and certain commercial
real estate loans.  BankAtlantic has established for up to $110 million lines of
credit with other banks to purchase  federal funds and has  established a $161.1
million potential advance with the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. BankAtlantic
has various relationships to acquire brokered deposits.  These relationships may
be utilized as an alternative source of borrowings, if needed. See Note 8 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on lines of credit.

A  significant  source of Bancorp's  liquidity is repayments  and  maturities of
loans and  securities.  The  table  below  presents  the  contractual  principal
repayments and maturity dates of Bancorp's loan portfolio,  securities available
for sale and  mortgage-backed  securities held to maturity at December 31, 2001.
The total amount of principal  repayments on loans and securities  contractually
due after  December 31, 2002 was $3.5 billion,  of which $1.0 billion have fixed
interest  rates and $2.5 billion have  floating or  adjustable  interest  rates.
Actual principal repayments may differ from the information shown below.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 Principal
                                  Balance
                                Outstanding                            Schedule of Principal repayments
                                    On          ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                December 31,                        For the Period Ending December 31, (1)
                                ----------      ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(in thousands)                      2001          2002       2003-2004     2005-2009     2010-2014     2015-2019       >2020
                                ----------      --------      --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
<S>                             <C>             <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Commercial real estate          $  565,202      $169,584      $206,416      $123,132      $ 37,689      $ 23,730      $  4,651
Residential real estate          1,116,532           576        24,219        24,703        54,068       198,360       814,606
Real estate construction         1,122,628       511,436       489,065       122,127            --            --            --
Consumer (2)                       217,742         9,009        25,416        17,013        46,975       119,131           198
Commercial business (4)            232,350       142,225        54,114        35,133           505           373            --
                                ----------      --------      --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
  Total loans                   $3,254,454      $832,830      $799,230      $322,108      $139,237      $341,594      $819,455
                                ==========      ========      ========      ========      ========      ========      ========
Total securities available
  for sale (3)                  $  843,867      $ 29,053      $     68      $ 13,331      $249,472      $ 24,006      $527,937
                                ==========      ========      ========      ========      ========      ========      ========
Total mortgage-backed
  securities held to
  maturity                      $  264,433      $     --      $     --      $     --      $     --      $     --      $264,433
                                ==========      ========      ========      ========      ========      ========      ========
</TABLE>

(1)  Does not include banker's  acceptances,  deductions for undisbursed portion
     of loans in process,  deferred loan fees, unearned discounts and allowances
     for loan losses.
(2)  Includes second mortgage loans.
(3)  Includes in 2001 marketable equity  securities  available for sale of $23.2
     million.
(4)  Includes due from foreign banks and lease financing.


                                       51
<PAGE>


Loan  maturities  and  sensitivity  of loans to  changes in  interest  rates for
commercial business and real estate construction loans at December 31, 2001 were
(in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             Commercial     Real Estate
                                              Business      Construction        Total
                                             ----------     ------------     ----------
<S>                                          <C>             <C>             <C>
One year or less                             $  172,826      $  764,093      $  936,919
Over one year, but less than five years          55,626         348,262         403,888
Over five years                                   3,898          10,273          14,171
                                             ----------      ----------      ----------
                                             $  232,350      $1,122,628      $1,354,978
                                             ==========      ==========      ==========
Due After One Year:
Pre-determined interest rate                 $   59,524      $   27,569      $   87,093
Floating or adjustable interest rate                 --         330,966         330,966
                                             ----------      ----------      ----------
                                             $   59,524      $  358,535      $  418,059
                                             ==========      ==========      ==========
</TABLE>

Loan  Concentration - BankAtlantic's  geographic loan  concentration at December
31, 2001 was:

                               Florida       54%
                               California     6%
                               Northeast      9%
                               Other         31%
                                          ------
                                 Total      100%
                                          ======

The loan concentration for BankAtlantic's  originated  portfolio is primarily in
Florida where  economic  conditions  have generally  remained  stable during the
three years ended  December 31,  2001.  The  concentration  in  California,  the
Northeast,   and  other  locations  primarily  relates  to  purchased  wholesale
residential real estate loans.

A summary of the Company's consolidated cash flows follows (in thousands):

                                             For the Year Ended December 31,
                                         --------------------------------------
                                            2001           2000           1999
                                         --------       ---------       -------
Net cash provided (used) by:
 Operating activities                    $ 79,191       $ 106,982       $ 2,176
  Investing activities                     (6,113)       (461,344)       (8,135)
  Financing activities                    (37,148)        351,043         4,981
                                         --------       ---------       -------
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash
 equivalents and due from banks          $ 35,930       $  (3,319)      $  (978)
                                         ========       =========       =======

Cash flows from operating  activities decreased during 2001 compared to 2000 due
primarily to declines in loan sales , provision for credit losses and additional
investments  in real  estate.  The above  declines in cash flows were  partially
offset by a substantial increase in earnings and other liabilities, as well as a
decrease in accrued interest receivable.

Cash  used by  investing  activities  decreased  during  2001  compared  to 2000
resulting  primarily from lower  purchases and  originations of loans and leases
and a significant  increase in sales and maturities of securities  available for
sale and  investment  securities.  These  increases in cash flows from investing
activities were partially offset by higher purchases of securities.

Cash  used  by  financing  activities  declined  during  2001  compared  to 2000
resulting primarily from decreases in short term borrowings,  deposits and notes
payable.  The decreases were  partially  offset by proceeds from the issuance of
Bancorp common stock.

Commencing in 2000,  Bancorp was consolidated  into BFC's financial  statements,
therefore  the 1999 cash  flow  activities  represents  BFC's  amounts,  without
consideration of Bancorp consolidated amounts.


                                       52
<PAGE>


A summary of BFC's cash flow without  consideration of Bancorp is as follows (in
thousands):

                                              For the Year Ended December 31,
                                           ------------------------------------
                                             2001          2000           1999
                                           -------       --------       -------
Net cash provided (used) by:
 Operating activities                      $(1,441)      $  4,088       $ 2,176
  Investing activities                        (144)       (10,753)       (8,135)
  Financing activities                       4,003          7,035         4,981
                                           -------       --------       -------
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash
 equivalents and due from banks            $ 2,418       $    370       $  (978)
                                           =======       ========       =======

Cash flows from  operating  activities  decreased  during 2001  compared to 2000
primarily  due to decreases in other assets.  Cash used in investing  activities
decrease  during 2001 compared to 2000 primarily due to decreases in purchase of
securities for the venture  partnerships.  Cash provided by financing activities
decreased  during 2001  compared to 2000  primarily  due to decreases in venture
partnerships minority interest.

Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments

The tables below  summarizes  Bancorp's  contractual  obligations and commercial
commitments at December 31, 2001 (in thousands).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             Payments Due by Period
                                        ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        Less
           Contractual                                 Than 1         1-3           4-5         After 5
           Obligations                    Total         Year         Years         Years         Years
----------------------------------      --------      --------      -------      --------      --------
<S>                                     <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>
Long-Term Debt                          $206,178      $ 26,919      $19,213      $ 34,386      $125,660
Operating Lease Obligations               27,842         7,381       11,312         4,938         4,211
                                        --------      --------      -------      --------      --------
Total Contractual Cash Obligations      $234,020      $ 34,300      $30,525      $ 39,324      $129,871
                                        ========      ========      =======      ========      ========

<CAPTION>
                                                   Amount of Commitment Expiration Per Period
                                        ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Total          Less
        Other Commercial                Amounts        Than 1         1-3           4-5         After 5
           Commitments                 Committed        Year         Years         Years         Years
----------------------------------      --------      --------      -------      --------      --------
<S>                                     <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>
Lines of Credit                         $303,849      $107,300      $59,074      $     --      $137,475
Standby Letters of Credit                 30,509        30,509           --            --            --
Other Commercial Commitments             208,147       208,147           --            --            --
Other Commitments                        171,146        60,394           --       110,752
                                        --------      --------      -------      --------      --------
Total Commercial Commitments            $713,651      $406,350      $59,074      $110,752      $137,475
                                        ========      ========      =======      ========      ========
</TABLE>

Related Party Transactions

During 1998, Levitt Companies entered into an agreement with the Abdo Companies,
a company in which John E. Abdo,  Vice  Chairman of Bancorp and the Company,  is
the principal  shareholder and CEO,  whereby the Abdo Companies  receive monthly
management fees from Levitt  Companies.  Abdo Companies  management fees for the
years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000 were approximately $291,000 and $475,000,
respectively.  The Abdo Group received  approximately  $2.6 million in 2000 from
the  Company  for their real  estate  sales  profit  participation  under a 1994
arrangement.

During the years ended December 31, 2001,  2000 and 1999,  the Company  received
compensation for  administrative  and accounting  services to affiliated limited
partnerships of approximately $44,000, $42,000 and $50,000.

During 1999 and 2000, the Company (without  consideration  of Bancorp)  acquired
interests  in  unaffiliated  technology  entities.  During  2000 and  2001,  the
Company's interests in the technology entities were transferred at the Company's
cost to specified  asset limited  partnerships.  Subsidiaries of the Company are
the controlling general partners of these venture partnerships,  therefore, they
are consolidated in these financial  statements.  Interests in such partnerships
were sold in 2000 and 2001 to accredited investors in private offerings.  During
2000,  approximately  $5.1 million of capital was raised from unaffiliated third


                                       53
<PAGE>


parties by these  partnerships  and officers,  directors  and  affiliates of the
Company invested approximately $4.4 million in the Partnership.  The Company and
the general partners retained ownership interests of approximately $1.8 million.
Additionally,  during  2001,  approximately  $895,000 of capital was raised from
unaffiliated  third parties by these  partnerships  and officers,  directors and
affiliates  of  the  Company   invested   approximately   $1.3  million  in  the
partnerships.  The Company and the general partners retained ownership interests
of approximately $3.8 million increasing the Company's total investment in these
partnerships to $5.6 million. Of the $1.3 million, Alan Levan and Jack Abdo each
borrowed  $500,000  from the  Company  on a  recourse  basis  and Glen  Gilbert,
Executive  Vice  President,  and Earl  Pertnoy,  a director of the Company  each
borrowed $50,000 on a non-recourse basis to make their investments. Such amounts
were still  outstanding at the end of the year,  bear interest at the prime rate
plus 1% and are payable  interest only  annually with the entire  balance due in
February 2006.  After the limited  partners  receive a specified return from the
partnerships,  the  general  partners  are  entitled  to receive 20% of all cash
distributions from the partnerships.  The general partners are limited liability
companies  of which the  members  are:  John E. Abdo - 13.75%;  Alan B.  Levan -
9.25%;  Glen R.  Gilbert - 2.0%;  John E.  Abdo,  Jr. - 17.5% and BFC  Financial
Corporation  - 57.5%.  Losses  net of  minority  interests  for the  year  ended
December  31, 2001 were  $881,000.  At December  31,  2001,  the  Company's  net
investment in these partnerships was $4.7 million.

During 1999,  BFC Financial  Corporation  entered into an agreement with John E.
Abdo, Jr., son of John E. Abdo, Pursuant to the agreement,  the Company will pay
to John E.  Abdo,  Jr. an  amount  equal to 1% of the  amount  of the  Company's
investment in identifies  venture  capital  investments for the Company and will
grant him a profit  participation  of 3 1/2% of the net profit  realized  by the
Company  through his interest in the general  partner of the technology  venture
partnership that receives the identified investment.  Additionally,  the Company
pays him an expense  allowance of $300 per month.  During 2001, the Company paid
John E. Abdo, Jr. expense allowances of $3,600 pursuant to the agreement.

One of the technology limited partnerships and Bancorp are investors in Seisint,
Inc.,  a  privately  held  technology  company  located in Boca  Raton,  Florida
("Seisint").  Seisint owns 748,000 shares of Bancorp's Class A Common Stock. The
technology limited partnership has a $2 million investment in 219,300 shares and
Bancorp has a $15 million investment in 3,033,386 shares of Seisint Common Stock
included in  investment  securities  in the  Company's  Statement  of  Financial
Condition.  Both Alan B. Levan and John E. Abdo were  directors  of Seisint  and
each own direct and indirect  interests  in an  aggregate  of 216,517  shares of
Seisint  Common Stock.  The shares owned by the Bancorp,  Mr. Levan and Mr. Abdo
were  acquired in October 1999 at a price of $4.95.  The shares  acquired by the
technology  limited  partnership  were  acquired  in October  2000 at a price of
$9.12.  At December  31,  2001,  the carrying  value of this  investment  by the
technology limited partnership had been written down to $4.95 per share. Bancorp
and its affiliates  collectively own  approximately 7% of Seisint's  outstanding
Common Stock.  During 2001, Mr. Levan and Mr. Abdo resigned from Seisint's Board
of Directors and initiated a lawsuit on behalf of the Company and others against
the founder of Seisint personally regarding his role in Seisint.  Seisint is not
a party to the lawsuit.  Seisint also serves as an Application  Service Provider
("ASP")  for  the  Company  for  one  customer  service  information  technology
application.  This ASP  relationship is in the ordinary course of business,  and
fees  aggregating  $169,377 and  $368,000  were paid to Seisint for its services
during the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

Certain officers of Levitt Companies have minority ownership  interests in joint
venture  partnerships  in which  Levitt  Companies  is also a limited or general
partner.

Certain of the  Company's  affiliates,  including  its  executive  officers have
independently  made  investments with their own funds in both public and private
entities in which the Company holds investments.

Critical Accounting Policies

Management views critical  accounting  policies as accounting  policies that are
important to the understanding of the Company's financial  statements which also
involve  estimates and judgments about  inherently  uncertain  matters.  We have
identified  five accounting  policies that  management  views as critical to the
portrayal  of our  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations.  The five
accounting policies are: (i) allowance for loan and lease losses, (ii) valuation
of securities and derivative instruments, (iii) other than temporary declines in
fair value,  (iv)  impairment  of long lived assets and (v) real estate held for
development and sale and joint venture activities.


                                       54
<PAGE>


Allowance For Loan And Lease Losses

Monthly  detailed  reviews of the loan and lease  portfolios are performed in an
effort to identify  inherent risks,  assess the overall  collectibility of those
portfolios  and to establish  the  allowance  for loan and lease  losses.  These
ongoing  reviews are performed by a credit review group that is  independent  of
loan  origination  activities.  The  first  component  of the  allowance  is for
non-homogenous  loans  that  are  individually   evaluated  for  impairment.   A
non-homogenous loan is deemed impaired when collection of principal and interest
based on the  contractual  terms of the loan is not  likely to occur.  These are
high balance loans that  management  considers to be high risk.  The process for
identifying  loans  to be  evaluated  individually  for  impairment  is based on
management  identification of classified loans.  Classified loans are identified
by Bancorp based upon established criteria and represent loans of lesser quality
than  the  general  portfolio.  These  classifications  are  "special  mention",
"substandard",  "doubtful" or "loss".  The special mention  category  applies to
loans  not  warranting  classification  as  substandard  but  possessing  credit
deficiencies or potential weaknesses necessitating management's close attention.
Substandard  loans have one or more defined  weaknesses and are characterized by
the distinct  possibility that we will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are
not corrected.  Doubtful loans have the weaknesses of substandard loans with the
additional  characteristic  that such  weaknesses make collection of the loan or
liquidation in full on the basis of currently  existing facts,  conditions,  and
values  highly  questionable  or  improbable.  Loss loans are  charged-off.  All
non-homogenous classified loans are evaluated for impairment. Once an individual
loan is found to be impaired,  a specific valuation allowance is assigned to the
loan based on one of the following three methods:  (1) present value of expected
future  cash  flows,  (2) fair value of  collateral  less costs to sell,  or (3)
observable  market price. An observable  market price of an impaired loan is the
best indication of its fair value.  The majority of Bancorp's  impaired loans do
not have an  observable  market  price  and are  valued  based on the  other two
methods. Loans that are collateral dependent are valued at the fair value of the
collateral less the cost to dispose of the collateral . Unsecured loans are fair
valued  based  on the  present  value  of  expected  future  cash  flows.  These
valuations  require estimates and subjective  judgments about fair values of the
collateral  or  expected  future  cash  flows.  It is likely that there would be
materially  different  results if different  assumptions  or conditions  were to
prevail.  This  would  include  updated  information  that came to  management's
attention about the loans or a change in the current economic environment.

The second component of the allowance is for homogenous loans in which groups of
loans with common characteristics are evaluated for impairment. Homogenous loans
and leases have certain  characteristics that are common to the entire portfolio
so as to form a basis for predicting  losses on historical  data and delinquency
trends as it relates to the group.  Management  segregates homogenous loans into
groups such as: residential real estate; small business mortgage; small business
non-mortgage;  lease  financing,  and  various  types  of  consumer  loans.  The
methodology utilized in establishing the allowance for homogenous loans includes
consideration  of  the  current  economic  environment,  trends  in  industries,
analysis  of  historical  losses,  static  pool  analysis,  delinquency  trends,
classified loan grades and credit scores.  Based on statistical  data management
assigns loss  percentages to groups of loans by product type and classified loan
grades.  Loans that are not classified are also assigned a loss percentage based
on historical loss experiences for the specific loan category.

The above two components are the assigned  portion of the allowance for loan and
lease  losses.  The  remaining  component  of the  allowance  is the  unassigned
component  determined  separately  from  the  procedures  outlined  above.  This
component  addresses certain industry and geographic  concentrations,  including
economic  conditions,  in an attempt to address the imprecision  inherent in the
estimation  of the  assigned  allowance  for loan and lease  losses.  Due to the
subjectivity  involved in the  determination  of the  unassigned  portion of the
allowance,  the relationship of the unassigned  component to the total allowance
may fluctuate from period to period.

Management  evaluates  the adequacy of the  allowance  for loan and lease losses
based on the  combined  total of the  assigned  and  unassigned  components  and
believes that the allowance  for loan and leases  losses  reflects  management's
best  estimate of incurred  credit  losses as of the balance  sheet date.  As of
December  31,  2001 the  allowance  for  loan  losses  was  $45.7  million.  See
"Provision  for Loan  Losses"  for a  discussion  on the  amounts  of  allowance
assigned to each loan product and the amount of the  unassigned  allowance.  The
estimated  allowance  derived from the above  methodology  may be  significantly
different from actual realized losses.  Actual losses incurred in the future are
highly dependent upon future events, including the economies of geographic areas
in which loans are held. These uncertainties are beyond management's control. In
addition,  various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination
process,  periodically  review the  allowance  for loan and lease  losses.  Such
agencies may require  Bancorp to recognize  additions to the allowance  based on
their  judgments  and  information  available  to  them  at the  time  of  their
examination.


                                       55
<PAGE>


Valuation Of Securities, Trading Activities And Derivative Instruments

Securities available for sale, trading activities and derivative instruments are
recorded in the statement of financial condition at fair value Three methods for
valuation are used: i) obtaining  prices  actively  quoted on national  markets,
using a price matrix and (ii) applying a management valuation model .

The  following  table  provides  the  sources of fair  value for our  securities
available for sale,  trading  activities and derivative  instruments at December
31, 2001 (in thousands).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         National
                                        Market price      Price      Valuation
                                          Quotes         Matrix        Model          Total
                                        ------------    --------     ---------      ---------
<S>                                      <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>
Securities available for sale
  Mortgage-backed securities             $     --       $814,591      $    --       $ 814,591
  U.S. treasury notes                          --          5,819           --           5,819
  Other bonds                                  --            262           --             262
  Equity securities                        38,811             --           --          38,811
                                         --------       --------      -------       ---------
Total securities available for sale        38,811        820,672           --         859,483
                                         --------       --------      -------       ---------
Trading activities
  Trading securities                       68,296             --           --          68,296
  Securities sold not yet purchased       (38,431)            --           --         (38,431)
                                         --------       --------      -------       ---------
Total trading activities                   29,865             --           --          29,865
                                         --------       --------      -------       ---------
Derivative instrument
Interest rate swap contracts                   --             --       (1,829)         (1,829)
                                         --------       --------      -------       ---------
Total                                    $ 68,676       $820,672      $(1,829)      $ 887,519
                                         ========       ========      =======       =========
</TABLE>

Equity securities available for sale trade daily on various stock exchanges. The
fair value of these securities in our statement of financial condition was based
on the closing price quotations at period end. The closing quotation  represents
inter-dealer quotations without retail markups,  markdowns or commissions and do
not necessarily  represent  actual  transactions.  The number of shares owned in
some of these equity  securities  is in excess of the  securities  average daily
trading  volume.  As a consequence  it may not be possible to realize the quoted
market price upon sale. Our equity securities available for sale are adjusted to
fair  value  monthly  with  a  corresponding   increase  or  decrease  to  other
comprehensive income.

A third party  service  provides a price  matrix  fair value of debt  securities
available for sale. The pricing matrix  computes a fair value of debt securities
based on inputting the securities'  coupon rate,  maturity date and estimates of
future prepayment rates. The valuations obtained from the pricing matrix are not
actual  transactions and will not be the actual amount realized upon sale. It is
likely  that  results  would vary  materially  if  different  interest  rate and
prepayment assumptions were used in the valuation. Debt securities available for
sale are  adjusted  to fair  value  monthly  with a  corresponding  increase  or
decrease to other comprehensive income.

Interest rate swap  contracts are valued  against the swap curve obtained from a
financial  information  provider.  Future value estimated cash flows are present
valued  against  intervals of time on the swap curve in order to  calculate  the
estimated  fair value at period  end.  Changes in the fair value of  derivatives
designated  as part of a hedge  transaction  are recorded each period in current
earnings  for fair  value  hedges or other  comprehensive  income  for cash flow
hedges.  The fair  value of  interest  rate  swap  contracts  may  significantly
increase or  decrease  based on changes in interest  rates.  Interest  rate swap
contracts  are  originated  in  conjunction  with a hedge  strategy  in order to
attempt to reduce interest rate risk.

The fair value of trading  securities and securities  sold but not yet purchased
are listed on national market exchanges and have quoted market values.  The fair
value of these  securities are highly  sensitive to changes in the interest rate
environment and economic conditions.


                                       56
<PAGE>


Other Than Temporary Declines In Value Of Investment Securities

Declines in the fair value of individual equity securities available for sale or
equity  investments  in private  companies  below their cost that are other than
temporary result in write-downs of the individual securities to their fair value
with a corresponding  charge in our statement of operations.  Equity  securities
available for sale are recorded in our financial  statement at fair value with a
corresponding increase or decrease in comprehensive income. Other than temporary
declines in the value of equity  securities  available for sale are based on the
length of time that the market  value of the security was at least 20% below its
cost,  the  financial  condition  and near term  prospects of the issuer and the
likelihood  of the market value of the security  increasing  in the  foreseeable
future.

Equity investments in private companies are recorded in our financial statements
at historical  cost. These  securities are considered  speculative  investments.
Investments in these  companies are evaluated for other than temporary  declines
in value based on their performance  compared to initial business plans,  future
cash flow projections,  success of subsequent fund raising and current financial
condition.  These evaluations are subjective and management attempts to consider
all available  evidence to evaluate an other than temporary  write down of these
securities  including  financial  statements,  industry statistics and near term
prospects of the companies.  Due to the  subjectivity of our evaluations and due
to  the  uncertainty  of  future  events,  including  economic  conditions,  the
realizable  value is highly  uncertain  and may  differ  substantially  from our
evaluations. We have $25.1 million of equity investments in private companies at
December 31, 2001. Many of these  companies are in the  development  stage. As a
consequence,  the realization of our investment is dependent upon each company's
ability to  successfully  implement its  respective  business plan and to obtain
future funding if required and achieve market acceptance of its products.

Impairment of Long Lived Assets

Long-lived  assets and cost over fair value of net assets acquired  ("goodwill")
are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The carrying amount
is  not  deemed  to  be  recoverable  if it is  greater  than  the  sum  of  the
undiscounted  cash flows  expected  from the asset.  An  impairment  loss is the
amount by which the carrying value exceeds the asset's fair value. In performing
a review for  recoverability,  future cash flows expected to result from the use
of the asset  and its  eventual  disposition  are  estimated.  If the sum of the
expected future cash flows  (undiscounted  and without interest charges) is less
than the carrying  amount of the asset,  an impairment  loss is recognized.  The
estimates of future cash flows are subjective  and involve a significant  amount
of judgment. Fair values are not available for many of our long-lived assets and
estimates must be based on available  information,  including  prices of similar
assets and present value valuation techniques. Based on the adoption of SFAS No.
142,  "Goodwill and Other Intangible  Assets" on January 1, 2002 we are required
to evaluate  goodwill for  impairment  by comparing  the carrying  value of each
reporting  unit to the fair value of the  reporting  unit  instead of  comparing
undiscounted  estimated  cash flows to the  carrying  amount of the asset.  This
change in accounting policy may result in an impairment loss associated with our
existing  goodwill.  The  impairment  loss,  if any,  will be  recognized as the
cumulative  effect of a change  in  accounting  principle  in our  statement  of
operations.  We are currently  evaluating  our goodwill under the new accounting
policy for  impairment  and we are not yet able to estimate the impact,  if any,
that Statement No. 142 may have on our existing goodwill.

Real Estate Held For Development And Sale And Joint Venture Activities

Our real estate development  activities  includes land,  acquisition costs, land
development  costs,  and other  construction  costs and are accounted for at the
lower of accumulated  cost or estimated fair value in our financial  statements.
Start-up  costs,  construction  overhead  and selling  expenses  are expensed as
incurred.  Land, land development,  amenities and other costs are accumulated by
specific area and allocated to homes within the respective areas. The allocation
of common costs to homes is based on actual costs incurred plus estimated  costs
to complete. These estimated costs are subjective and may change based on future
market conditions. The estimated fair value of real estate is evaluated annually
based on  disposition  of real  estate in the normal  course of  business  under
existing and anticipated market conditions. The evaluation attempts to take into
consideration the current status of the property, various restrictions, carrying
costs,   debt  service   requirements,   costs  of  disposition  and  any  other
circumstances  which may affect fair value including  management's plans for the
property.  Due to the large acreage of land holdings,  disposition in the normal
course of business  is expected to extend over a number of years.  Uncertainties
associated  with the  economy,  interest  rates  and the real  estate  market in
general may significantly  change the valuation of our real estate  investments.
Bancorp  accounts for its joint venture  partnership  interests in which Bancorp
has a 50% or less  ownership  interest  using the equity  method of  accounting.
Under the equity method,  the initial  investment in a joint venture is recorded
at cost and is  subsequently  adjusted  to  recognize  the  share  of the  joint
venture's earnings or losses.


                                       57
<PAGE>


Joint venture investments are evaluated annually for other than temporary losses
in value.  Evidence of other than temporary losses includes the inability of the
joint venture to sustain an earnings  capacity  which would justify the carrying
amount of the investment  and consistent  joint venture  operating  losses.  The
evaluation is based on available information including condition of the property
and current and anticipated real estate market conditions.

At December 31, 2001, the balance of real estate held for  development  and sale
and joint venture activities was $183.2 million.

The real  estate  industry  is highly  cyclical  by  nature  and  future  market
conditions are  uncertain.  Factors which  adversely  affect the real estate and
home building  industries  include: a surplus of available real estate offerings
in the market or decreases in demand;  over-building;  an  unfavorable  interest
rate  environment;  changes in general economic  conditions;  a scarcity of land
available for development which can be obtained at prices that are viable from a
business perspective;  and significant volatility and fluctuations in underlying
real estate  values.  We are  susceptible to downturns in the South Florida real
estate  market  since the  majority  of our  developments  are  located in South
Florida.  Additionally,  our periodic sales of properties may be insufficient to
ensure that revenues are generated as expenses are incurred.  Further,  if sales
are not adequate to cover operating expenses as incurred, it may be necessary to
seek a source of additional  operating funds and this may have a negative impact
on our earnings.

Dividends

BFC has not paid any dividends since its inception. As stated above, a source of
BFC's  liquidity is dividends  from  Bancorp.  While there is no assurance  that
Bancorp will pay dividends in the future,  Bancorp management has stated that it
intends  to pay  regular  quarterly  cash  dividends  on its common  stock.  The
availability of funds for dividend payments depends upon BankAtlantic's  ability
to pay dividends to Bancorp.  Current  regulations  applicable to the payment of
cash dividends by savings  institutions  impose limits on capital  distributions
based on an institution's regulatory capital levels, retained net income and net
income.  See  "Regulation  and  Supervision - Restriction on Dividends and Other
Capital Distributions."

Bancorp's outstanding 9% Debentures imposes restrictions on Bancorp's ability to
pay  dividends  to its  common  shareholders.  See  Note 10 to the  consolidated
financial  statements for further  details on dividend  restrictions  related to
Debenture Indentures.

Impact of Inflation

The financial  statements and related  financial data and notes presented herein
have been prepared in accordance  with GAAP,  which require the  measurement  of
financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars, without
considering  changes in the relative  purchasing power of money over time due to
inflation.

Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all of the assets and liabilities of
BankAtlantic  are monetary in nature.  As a result,  interest  rates have a more
significant  impact on  BankAtlantic's  performance  than the effects of general
price levels.  Although  interest rates  generally move in the same direction as
inflation,  the  magnitude  of such  changes  varies.  The  possible  effect  of
fluctuating  interest rates is discussed  more fully under the previous  section
entitled "Interest Rate Sensitivity."




                                       58
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
               ITEM 8. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Independent Auditors' Report

Financial Statements:

     Consolidated  Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2001 and
     2000

     Consolidated  Statements of  Operations  for each of the years in the three
     year period ended December 31, 2001

     Consolidated  Statements of Stockholders'  Equity and Comprehensive  Income
     for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2001

     Consolidated  Statements  of Cash  Flows for each of the years in the three
     year period ended December 31, 2001

     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements






                                       59
<PAGE>


                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


The Board of Directors
BFC Financial Corporation:

We have audited the accompanying  consolidated statements of financial condition
of BFC Financial  Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2001 and 2000,
and the related consolidated statements of operations,  stockholders' equity and
comprehensive  income  and cash  flows for each of the  years in the  three-year
period ended December 31, 2001. These consolidated  financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the  United  States of  America.  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the consolidated
financial  statements  are free of  material  misstatement.  An  audit  includes
examining,  on a test basis,  evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the  consolidated  financial  statements.  An audit also includes  assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall  consolidated  financial  statement  presentation.  We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present
fairly,  in all  material  respects,  the  financial  position of BFC  Financial
Corporation  and  subsidiaries at December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the results of
their  operations  and their cash flows for each of the years in the  three-year
period  ended  December 31,  2001,  in  conformity  with  accounting  principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

As discussed in Note 1 to the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the Company
changed  its  method  of  accounting  for  derivative  instruments  and  hedging
activities in 2001.



                                                       KPMG LLP

Fort Lauderdale, Florida
January 29, 2002
(except for Note 25, as to which the date
  is March 22, 2002)





                                       60
<PAGE>


                   BFC Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries
                 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition
                           December 31, 2001 and 2000
                        (In thousands, except share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            2001         2000
                                                                         ----------   ----------
<S>                                                                      <C>          <C>
                                     ASSETS
Cash and due from depository institutions                                $  124,383   $   87,025
Federal Funds sold and securities purchased under resell agreements             156        1,584
Investment securities and tax certificates (approximate fair value:
    $434,470 and $387,971)                                                  428,718      383,619
Loans receivable, net                                                     2,776,624    2,855,015
Securities available for sale, at fair value                                859,483      887,946
Trading securities, at fair value                                            68,296       43,557
Accrued interest receivable                                                  33,787       44,046
Real estate held for development and sale and joint ventures                183,163      153,380
Office properties and equipment, net                                         61,786       59,961
Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost which approximates fair value          56,428       51,940
Deferred tax asset, net                                                          --        4,345
Cost over fair value of net assets acquired, net                             39,859       49,882
Other assets                                                                 32,676       32,654
                                                                         ----------   ----------
      Total assets                                                       $4,665,359   $4,654,954
                                                                         ==========   ==========

                      LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Liabilities:
Deposits                                                                 $2,276,567   $2,234,485
Advances from FHLB                                                        1,106,030    1,038,801
Federal Funds purchased                                                      61,000        9,700
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase                              406,070      659,502
Subordinated debentures, notes and bonds payable                            145,484      238,330
Guaranteed preferred beneficial interests in Bancorp's Junior
  Subordinated Debentures                                                    74,750       74,750
Deferred tax liability, net                                                   3,916           --
Other liabilities                                                           168,950      132,523
                                                                         ----------   ----------
  Total liabilities                                                       4,242,767    4,388,091
                                                                         ----------   ----------

Minority interest                                                           348,420      194,248

Stockholders' equity:
Preferred stock of $.01 par value; authorized
  10,000,000 shares; none issued                                                 --           --
Class A common stock of $.01 par value, authorized 20,000,000 shares;
  issued and outstanding 6,461,994 in 2001 and 6,454,494 in 2000                 58           58
Class B common stock, of $.01 par value, authorized 20,000,000 shares;
  issued and outstanding 2,366,157 in 2001 and 2,354,904 in 2000                 21           21
Additional paid-in capital                                                   24,206       25,788
Retained earnings                                                            47,195       41,721
                                                                         ----------   ----------
  Total stockholders' equity before
    accumulated other comprehensive income                                   71,480       67,588
Accumulated other comprehensive income                                        2,692        5,027
                                                                         ----------   ----------
  Total stockholders' equity                                                 74,172       72,615
                                                                         ----------   ----------

 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                              $4,665,359   $4,654,954
                                                                         ==========   ==========
</TABLE>


          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                       61
<PAGE>


                   BFC Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries
                      Consolidated Statements of Operations
       For each of the years in three year period ended December 31, 2001
                     (In thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Interest income:                                                              2001         2000         1999
                                                                           ---------    ---------    ---------
<S>                                                                        <C>          <C>          <C>
Interest and fees on loans and leases                                      $ 237,304    $ 247,132    $   1,284
Interest and dividends on securities available for sale                       52,956       51,053          245
Interest and dividends on other investments and trading securities            35,741       30,711           --
                                                                           ---------    ---------    ---------
  Total interest income                                                      326,001      328,896        1,529
                                                                           ---------    ---------    ---------
Interest expense:
Interest on deposits                                                          85,668       91,723           --
Interest on advances from FHLB                                                60,472       61,331           --
Interest on securities sold under agreements to repurchase and
  federal funds purchased                                                     24,270       34,617           --
Interest on subordinated debentures, guaranteed preferred interest in
  Bancorp's Junior Subordinated Debentures and notes and bonds payable        24,177       30,222        1,613
Capitalized interest on real estate developments and joint ventures           (5,749)      (6,487)          --
                                                                           ---------    ---------    ---------
  Total interest expense                                                     188,838      211,406        1,613
                                                                           ---------    ---------    ---------
Net interest income (expense)                                                137,163      117,490          (84)
Provision for loan losses                                                     16,905       29,132          300
                                                                           ---------    ---------    ---------
Net interest income (expense) after provision for loan losses                120,258       88,358         (384)
                                                                           ---------    ---------    ---------
Non-interest income:
Investment banking income                                                     43,436       51,101           --
Gains on sales of real estate held for sale and joint venture activities      37,928       24,725        1,391
Transaction fees                                                              16,372       13,666           --
ATM fees                                                                      10,507       10,881           --
Loan late fees and other loan income                                           4,224        4,144           --
Gains (losses) on sales of loans held for sale, net                               60         (528)          --
Losses on trading securities and securities available for sale, net             (781)      (2,329)          --
Equity in earnings of Bancorp                                                     --           --       10,501
Other                                                                          9,622       12,597        2,218
                                                                           ---------    ---------    ---------
  Total non-interest income                                                  121,368      114,257       14,110
                                                                           ---------    ---------    ---------
Non-interest expense:
Employee compensation and benefits                                            97,000       92,316        1,264
Occupancy and equipment                                                       28,576       27,302           53
Advertising and promotion                                                      7,897        8,219           --
Amortization of cost over fair value of net assets acquired                    4,073        4,081           --
Impairment of cost over fair value of net assets acquired                      6,624           --           --
Restructuring charge and impairment write-downs                                  331        2,656           --
Other                                                                         48,761       45,006          975
                                                                           ---------    ---------    ---------
  Total non-interest expense                                                 193,262      179,580        2,292
                                                                           ---------    ---------    ---------
Income before income taxes, minority interest,
   discontinued operations, extraordinary items
   and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle                  48,364       23,035       11,434
Provision for income taxes                                                    25,396       13,362        4,183
Minority interest in income of consolidated subsidiaries                      18,379       14,655           --
                                                                           ---------    ---------    ---------
Income (loss) before discontinued operations, extraordinary items
  and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle                    4,589       (4,982)       7,251
Income from discontinued operations, net of taxes                                 --          669           --
(Loss) income from extraordinary items, net of taxes                            (253)       7,948          175
Cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of taxes            1,138           --           --
                                                                           ---------    ---------    ---------
Net income                                                                 $   5,474    $   3,635    $   7,426
                                                                           =========    =========    =========

                                                                                                    (continued)
</TABLE>

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                       62
<PAGE>


                   BFC Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries
                      Consolidated Statements of Operations
     For each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2001
                     (In thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       2001         2000         1999
                                                                    ---------    ---------    ---------
<S>                                                                 <C>          <C>          <C>
Earnings per share:
Basic earnings (loss) per share before discontinued operations,
  extraordinary items and cumulative effect of
  a change in accounting principle                                  $    0.58    $   (0.63)   $    0.91
Basic earnings per share from discontinued operations                      --         0.09           --
Basic (loss) earnings per share from extraordinary items                (0.03)        1.00         0.02
Basic earnings per share from cumulative effect of a change
  in accounting principle                                                0.14           --           --
                                                                    ---------    ---------    ---------
Basic earnings per share                                            $    0.69    $    0.46    $    0.93
                                                                    =========    =========    =========

Diluted earnings (loss) per share before discontinued operations,
  extraordinary items and cumulative effect of
  a change in accounting principle                                  $    0.52    $   (0.58)   $    0.82
Diluted earnings per share from discontinued operations                    --         0.08           --
Diluted (loss) earnings per share from extraordinary items              (0.03)        0.93         0.02
Diluted earnings per share from cumulative effect of a change
  in accounting principle                                                0.13           --           --
                                                                    ---------    ---------    ---------
Diluted earnings per share                                          $    0.62    $    0.43    $    0.84
                                                                    =========    =========    =========

Basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding              7,957        7,957        7,957

Diluted weighted average number of common and common
  equivalent shares outstanding                                         8,773        8,521        8,818
</TABLE>

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                       63
<PAGE>


                   BFC Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries
    Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity and Comprehensive Income
     For each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2001
                                 (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                             Accumulated
                                                                                                Other
                                                                                               Compre-
                                      Compre-    Class A     Class B   Additional              hensive
                                      hensive    Common      Common     Paid-in    Retained    Income
                                      income     Stock       Stock      Capital    Earnings     (loss)     Total
                                     --------   --------    --------   ----------  --------  -----------   --------
<S>                                  <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Balance, December  31, 1998                           58          21      26,095     30,660         797      57,631
 Net income                          $  7,426         --          --          --      7,426          --       7,426
                                     --------
 Other comprehensive income,
   net of tax:
   Unrealized losses on securities
    available for sale                 (5,663)
    Reclassification adjustment
     for gains  included
     in net income                       (224)
                                     --------
 Other comprehensive loss              (5,887)
                                     --------
Comprehensive income                 $  1,539
                                     ========
Net effect of Bancorp capital
 transactions, net
 of income taxes                                      --          --        (205)        --          --        (205)
Net change in unrealized
 appreciation  on securities
 available for sale, net of
  income taxes                                        --          --          --         --      (5,887)     (5,887)
                                                --------    --------   ---------   --------    --------    --------
Balance, December 31, 1999                      $     58          21      25,890     38,086      (5,090)     58,965
 Net income                          $  3,635          --         --          --      3,635          --       3,635
                                     --------
 Other comprehensive income,
   net of tax:
   Unrealized gains on securities
    available for sale                 10,527
    Reclassification adjustment
     for gains  included
     in net income                       (410)
                                     --------
 Other comprehensive income            10,117
                                     --------
Comprehensive income                 $ 13,752
                                     ========
Net effect of Bancorp capital
 transactions, net
 of income taxes                                      --          --        (102)        --          --        (102)
Net change in unrealized
 appreciation  on securities
 available for sale, net of
  income taxes                                        --          --          --         --      10,117      10,117
                                                --------    --------   ---------   --------    --------    --------
Balance, December 31, 2000                      $     58          21      25,788     41,721       5,027      72,615
                                                ========    ========   =========   ========    ========    ========

                                                                                                         (continued)
</TABLE>


                                       64
<PAGE>


                   BFC Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries
    Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity and Comprehensive Income
     For each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2001
                                 (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                      Accumulated
                                                                                                        Other
                                                                                                        Compre-
                                    Compre-       Class A       Class B     Additional                  hensive
                                    hensive       Common        Common       Paid-in      Retained       Income
                                    income         Stock         Stock       Capital      Earnings       (loss)        Total
                                   ----------   -----------   ----------   -----------   ----------   -----------   -----------
<S>                                <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>
Balance, December 31, 2000         $                     58           21        25,788        41,721        5,027        72,615
 Net income                        $    5,474            --           --            --         5,474           --         5,474
                                   ----------
 Other comprehensive income,
   net of tax:
   Unrealized loss on securities
    available for sale                 (1,570)
   Accumulated losses associated
     with cash flow hedges               (319)
    Reclassification adjustment
     for cash flow hedges                 129
    Reclassification adjustment
     for net gain included in
     net income                          (575)
                                   ----------
 Other comprehensive loss              (2,335)
                                   ----------
Comprehensive income               $    3,139
                                   ==========
Net effect of Bancorp capital
 transactions, net
 of income taxes                                         --            --       (1,636)           --           --        (1,636)
Net change in other
 comprehensive income, net
 of income taxes                                         --            --           --            --       (2,335)       (2,335)
Exercise of stock options                                --            --           54            --           --            54
                                                 ----------   ----------    ----------    ----------   ----------    ----------
Balance, December 31, 2001                       $       58            21       24,206        47,195        2,692        74,172
                                                 ==========   ==========    ==========    ==========   ==========    ==========
</TABLE>

The  components  of other  comprehensive  income  relate  to the net  unrealized
appreciation  on  securities  available  for sale,  net of income  taxes and the
Company's  proportionate share of non wholly-owned  subsidiaries' net unrealized
appreciation  on  securities  available  for  sale,  net  of  income  taxes  and
accumulated losses associated with cash flow hedges, net of income taxes.

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                       65
<PAGE>


                   BFC Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries
                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     For each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2001
                                 (In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         2001         2000         1999
                                                                      ---------    ---------    ---------
<S>                                                                   <C>          <C>          <C>
Operating activities:
Income (loss) before discontinued operations, extraordinary items
   and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle          $   4,589    $  (4,982)   $   7,251
Income from discontinued operations                                          --          669           --
(Loss) income from extraordinary items, net of taxes                       (253)       7,948          175
Cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, net of taxes       1,138           --           --
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net
 cash provided  by operating activities:
Provision for credit losses                                              18,222       30,166          300
Change in real estate inventory                                         (28,789)         353          (46)
Loans held for sale activity, net                                        14,068      (34,596)         154
Losses from securities activities, net                                      781        2,329           --
Gains on sales of property and equipment, net                              (386)        (874)          --
Gains on sales of in-store branches                                      (1,577)          --           --
Depreciation, amortization and accretion, net                             1,111        5,575          487
Restructuring charges and impairment write-downs, net                       331        2,656           --
Impairment of cost over fair value of net assets acquired                 6,624           --           --
Provision  (benefit) for deferred income taxes                            3,257         (743)       4,103
Proceeds from sales of loans classified as held for sale                 24,017       50,109           --
Trading activities, net                                                 (24,739)     (20,246)          --
Decrease (increase) in accrued interest receivable                       10,259      (13,452)          --
Amortization of cost over fair value of net assets acquired               4,073        4,081           --
Compensation in connection with corporate transaction                        --        1,320           --
Equity in earnings of Bancorp                                                --           --      (10,501)
Minority interest in income of consolidated subsidiaries                 18,379       14,655           --
Equity in joint venture earnings                                         (2,888)      (1,141)          --
(Increase) decrease in other assets                                      (3,666)       7,368         (262)
Increase in other liabilities                                            34,640       55,787          515
                                                                      ---------    ---------    ---------
Net cash provided by operating activities                                79,191      106,982        2,176
                                                                      ---------    ---------    ---------

Investing activities:
Purchase of investment securities and tax certificates                $(267,025)   $(426,177)   $      --
Proceeds from redemption and maturity of
  investment securities and tax certificates                            221,434      155,256           --
Purchase of securities available for sale                              (485,862)    (162,753)      (8,065)
Proceeds from sales and maturities of
  securities available for sale                                         509,833      259,867           --
Purchases and net repayments (originations) of loans and leases          24,039     (291,500)          --
Proceeds from sales of real estate owned                                  5,860        5,053           --
Net additions to office property and equipment                          (11,441)     (11,374)          --
Proceeds from sales of properties and equipment                             529        1,577           --
Investments and repayments (advances) to joint ventures                   1,348        4,700           82
Purchases of FHLB stock net of redemptions                               (4,488)       4,470           --
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                         (340)        (222)          --
Improvements to real estate owned                                            --         (241)        (152)
                                                                      ---------    ---------    ---------
Net cash used in investing activities                                 $  (6,113)   $(461,344)   $  (8,135)
                                                                      ---------    ---------    ---------

                                                                                               (continued)
</TABLE>


                                       66
<PAGE>



                   BFC Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries
                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     For each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2001
                                 (In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    2001           2000           1999
                                                                 -----------    -----------    -----------
<S>                                                                  <C>            <C>              <C>
Financing activities:
Net increase in deposits                                         $   125,252        206,593             --
Reduction in deposits from sale of in-store branches, net            (81,593)            --             --
Proceeds from FHLB advances                                          365,000      1,359,004             --
Repayment of FHLB advances                                          (297,771)    (1,418,389)            --
Net increase in federal funds purchased                               51,300          3,800             --
Proceeds from notes and bonds payable                                 66,651        113,586          8,079
Repayment of notes and bonds payable                                 (72,285)       (68,352)        (4,334)
Retirement of subordinated investment notes and
  subordinated debentures                                            (35,042)       (53,896)            --
Net (decrease) increase in securities sold under
  agreements to repurchase                                          (253,432)       236,279             --
Payments to acquire and retire publicly held
  Bancorp Class B Common Stock                                            --        (33,243)            --
Payment to acquire and retire Bancorp common stock                        --         (4,363)            --
Bancorp common stock dividends to non-BFC shareholders                (3,814)        (2,736)            --
Bancorp common stock dividends paid to BFC                                --             --          1,236
Issuance of Bancorp common stock                                      95,595          2,169             --
Issuance of BFC common stock upon exercise of stock options               54             --             --
Change in minority interest                                            2,397         10,028             --
Increase in advances by borrowers for taxes and insurance, net           540            563             --
                                                                 -----------    -----------    -----------
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                  (37,148)       351,043          4,981
                                                                 -----------    -----------    -----------
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                      35,930         (3,319)          (978)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                      88,609          1,545          2,523
Cash resulting from consolidation of Bancorp                              --         90,383             --
                                                                 -----------    -----------    -----------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                       $   124,539    $    88,609    $     1,545
                                                                 ===========    ===========    ===========

Supplementary disclosure of non-cash investing and
 financing activities:
Interest paid                                                    $    20,265    $    22,035    $     3,381
Income taxes paid by Bancorp                                          17,884          2,466             --
Income taxes paid by BFC                                                  --             69             69
Change in minority interest resulting from issuance of Bancorp
   Class A Common Stock upon conversion of
   subordinated debentures                                            49,935             34             --
Change in minority interest resulting from issuance of
   Bancorp Class A Common Stock upon acquisitions                        335            178
Change in stockholders' equity resulting from net change
  in other comprehensive income, net of taxes                         (2,335)        10,117         (5,887)
Transfer from escrow accounts to reflect payments on
   subordinated debentures                                                --            163            356
Net (loss) effect of Bancorp capital transactions,
  net of income taxes                                                 (1,636)          (102)          (205)
Decrease in other liabilities associated with the Ryan Beck
  deferred compensation plan                                           3,052             --             --
Capital contributions associated with the Ryan Beck
  deferred compensation plan                                          (1,292)            --             --
</TABLE>


          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                       67
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Financial Statement  Presentation - BFC Financial Corporation ("BFC" or
the "Company") is a unitary savings bank holding company as a consequence of its
ownership  of the  Common  Stock  of  BankAtlantic  Bancorp,  Inc.  ("Bancorp").
BankAtlantic  is a  wholly-owned  subsidiary of Bancorp.  The Company's  primary
asset is the  capital  stock of Bancorp  and its  primary  activities  currently
relate to the operations of Bancorp. The financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. ("GAAP").

Because BFC controls  greater than 50% of the vote of Bancorp,  by virtue of its
ownership  of  Bancorp  Class  A and  Class  B  Common  Stock,  which  currently
represents  55.3% of the combined  voting power,  Bancorp is consolidated in the
Company's  financial  statements.  The  percentage  of votes  controlled  by the
Company determines the Company's  consolidation policy,  whereas, the percentage
of  ownership  of total  outstanding  common  stock  determines  the  amount  of
Bancorp's net income, recognized by the Company.

In August 2000, Bancorp shareholders approved a corporate transaction structured
as a merger in which each share of Bancorp's  Class B Common Stock was converted
into  .0000002051 of a share of Bancorp's  Class B Common Stock as the surviving
corporation in the transaction.  No fractional shares were issued. The corporate
transaction  resulted in the  retirement  of all publicly  held Bancorp  Class B
Common Stock,  leaving BFC the sole holder of Bancorp's  Class B Common Stock at
that time.  The Class B Common Stock  represented  100% of the voting  rights of
Bancorp.  On May 24, 2001 Bancorp amended its articles of incorporation to grant
voting rights to holders of Bancorp  Class A Common Stock,  make Bancorp Class B
Common Stock  convertible into Bancorp Class A Common Stock on a share for share
basis, and equalize the cash dividends payable on Bancorp's Class A Common Stock
and Bancorp's Class B Common Stock. As a consequence of the amendment, Bancorp's
Class A shareholders are entitled to one vote per share,  which in the aggregate
represent 53% of the combined voting power of Bancorp's Class A Common Stock and
Bancorp's Class B Common Stock.  Bancorp's  Class B Common Stock  represents the
remaining  47% of the  combined  vote.  The  fixed  voting  percentages  will be
eliminated,  and shares of  Bancorp's  Class B Common  Stock will be entitled to
only one vote per share,  from and after the date that BFC or its  affiliates no
longer own in the aggregate at least 2,438,062 shares of Class B Common Stock.

Bancorp's principal assets include BankAtlantic and its subsidiaries,  Ryan Beck
& Co.,  LLC ("Ryan  Beck") and its  subsidiaries  and Levitt  Companies  and its
subsidiaries.

BankAtlantic is a federal savings bank headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Florida
which  provides  traditional  retail  banking  services  and  a  wide  range  of
commercial banking products and related financial services.

Levitt Companies is the real estate construction and development segment. Levitt
Companies  engages  in real  estate  activities  through  Levitt  and Sons,  LLC
("Levitt and Sons"),  Core  Communities,  LLC ("Core  Communities")  and several
investments  in real  estate  projects  in South  Florida.  Levitt and Sons is a
developer of single-family home communities and condominium and rental apartment
complexes primarily in Florida.  Core Communities owns the unsold land and other
entitlements of the master planned community commonly known as St. Lucie West in
St. Lucie County,  Florida.  Core  Communities  also owns two communities in the
planning  stages;  Westchester  in St.  Lucie  County,  Florida  and Live Oak in
Hillsboro County, Florida.

Ryan  Beck  is an  investment  banking  firm  which  provides  a wide  range  of
investment banking, brokerage and investment management services.

In preparing the financial statements,  management is required to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of
the date of the statements of financial condition and operations for the periods
presented.  Actual  results  could differ  significantly  from those  estimates.
Material  estimates that are particularly  susceptible to significant  change in
the next year relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses,  the
valuation  of  real  estate  acquired  in  connection  with  foreclosure  or  in
satisfaction of loans, the valuation of equity  securities that are not publicly
traded, the valuation of derivatives,  the valuation of securities available for
sale and the  valuation of real estate held for  development,  real estate joint
venture  investments  and the cost to complete  development  work on real estate
projects.  In  connection  with the  determination  of the  allowances  for loan
losses,  real estate  owned,  real estate held for  development  and real estate
joint  venture  investments,   management  obtains  independent  appraisals  for
significant properties when it is deemed prudent.


                                       68
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Certain  amounts for prior years have been  reclassified to conform with revised
statement presentation for 2001.

Consolidation  Policy  -  The  consolidated  financial  statements  include  the
accounts  of  BFC,  its  wholly  owned  subsidiaries  and  majority   controlled
subsidiaries   including  Bancorp  and  venture  partnerships.   Adjustments  to
operations  relating  to  changes in the  Company's  percentage  ownerships  are
reflected  in minority  interest.  All  significant  intercompany  accounts  and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Because of BFC's increase in
voting  control  of  Bancorp  since  2000,  Bancorp  is  consolidated  for these
financial  statements  instead of carried on the equity  basis.  At December 31,
2001, BFC owned 22.7% of Bancorp's total common stock, which represents 55.3% of
the  combined  vote of Bancorp.  Prior to 2000,  Bancorp  was carried  using the
equity method and prior year amounts have not been restated.

Cash  Equivalents - Cash and due from  depository  institutions  include  demand
deposits at other financial institutions.  Federal funds sold are generally sold
for one-day periods and securities purchased under resell agreements are settled
in less than 30 days.

Securities - Debt securities are classified  based on management's  intention on
the date of purchase.  Debt  securities  that  management  has both the positive
intent  and  ability  to  hold  to  maturity  are   classified   as   securities
held-to-maturity  and are carried at amortized cost.  Trading account securities
consist of securities  inventories held for the purpose of brokerage  activities
and are carried at fair value with  unrealized  gains and losses  recognized  in
non-interest  income.  All other debt securities are classified as available for
sale and carried at fair value with the net unrealized gains and losses included
in  shareholders'  equity on an after tax basis.  Declines  in the fair value of
individual held to maturity and available for sale  securities  below their cost
that are other than temporary result in write-downs of the individual securities
to their fair value.

Interest and dividends on securities, including the amortization of premiums and
the accretion of discounts, are reported in interest and dividends on securities
using the interest method over the lives of the securities,  adjusted for actual
prepayments.  Gains and losses on the sale of  securities  are  recorded  on the
trade date and are calculated using the specific-identification method.

Marketable  equity  securities,  which are included in securities  available for
sale are carried at fair value with the net unrealized gains and losses included
in  shareholders'  equity on an after- tax basis.  Declines in the fair value of
individual  equity  securities  below  their cost that are other than  temporary
result in write-downs of the individual  securities to their fair value.  Equity
securities  that do not have readily  determinable  fair value are classified as
investment  securities  and carried at historical  cost.  These  securities  are
evaluated  for  other  than  temporary  declines  in value and if  impaired  the
historical cost of the securities is written down to estimated fair value.

Tax  Certificates  - Tax  certificates  represent a priority  lien  against real
property for which assessed real estate taxes are delinquent.  Tax  certificates
are  classified  as  investment  securities  and are carried at cost,  net of an
allowance for probable losses, which approximates fair value.

Loans and Leases - Loans are reported at their  outstanding  principal  balances
net of any unearned  income,  unamortized  deferred fees and costs on originated
loans and premiums or discounts on purchased  loans.  Loan  origination fees and
certain direct  origination  costs are deferred and recognized as adjustments to
income over the lives of the  related  loans.  Unearned  income,  discounts  and
premiums are  amortized to income using  methods that  approximate  the interest
method.  Equipment  leases  are  carried  at the  aggregate  of  lease  payments
receivable plus estimated  residual value of the leased property,  less unearned
income. Unearned income on equipment leases is amortized over the lease terms by
the interest method.

Allowance  for Loan and Lease Losses - The  allowance  for loan and lease losses
reflects  management's  estimate of incurred credit losses in the loan and lease
portfolios.  A loan is impaired when  collection of principal and interest based
on the contractual terms of the loan is not probable. The first component of the
allowance  is for  non-homogenous  loans  that are  individually  evaluated  for
impairment.  These are high balance loans that  management  considers to be high
risk.  The  process  for  identifying  loans to be  evaluated  individually  for
impairment is based on management's  identification of classified loans. Once an
individual  loan is found to be  impaired,  a specific  valuation  allowance  is
assigned to the loan based on one of the following  three  methods:  (1) present
value of expected future cash flows,  (2) fair value of collateral less costs to
sell, or (3) observable market price. Non-homogenous loans that are not impaired
are  assigned an  allowance  based on  historical  data by  product.  The second
component of the allowance is for homogenous loans in which groups of loans with
common  characteristics  are  evaluated to estimate  the inherent  losses in the
portfolio.  Homogenous  loans and leases have certain  characteristics  that are
common to the entire  portfolio so as to form a basis for  predicting  losses on
historical data and


                                       69
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


delinquency trends as it relates to the group.  Management segregates homogenous
loans into groups,  such as:  residential real estate;  small business mortgage;
small  business  non-mortgage;  lease  financing,  and various types of consumer
loans.  The methodology  utilized in  establishing  the allowance for homogenous
loans includes  consideration  of the current  economic  environment,  trends in
industries,  analysis of historical  losses,  static pool analysis,  delinquency
trends, classified loan grades and credit scores.

Management believes the allowance for loan and lease losses is adequate and that
it has a sound  basis for  estimating  the  adequacy of the  allowance  for loan
losses.  Actual losses  incurred in the future are highly  dependent upon future
events,  including the economy of the geographical  areas in which  BankAtlantic
holds loans.

Non-performing  Loans and  Leases --  Interest  income on loans,  including  the
recognition  of discounts  and loan fees,  is accrued  based on the  outstanding
principal  amount  of  loans  using  the  interest  method.  A loan or  lease is
generally placed on non-accrual  status at the earlier of the loan becoming past
due 90 days as to either  principal or interest or when the borrower has entered
bankruptcy proceedings and the loan is delinquent.  Exceptions to placing 90 day
past due  loans on  non-accrual  may be made if there  exists  an  abundance  of
collateral and the loan is in the process of  collection.  When a loan is placed
on non-accrual  status,  interest  accrued but not received is reversed  against
interest  income.  A  non-accrual  loan may be restored  to accrual  status when
delinquent  loan  payments are  collected and the loan is expected to perform in
the future according to its contractual terms.

Consumer non-mortgage loans and lease financing contracts that are 120 days past
due are charged off. Real estate secured consumer and residential loans that are
120 days past due are charged down to fair value less cost to sell.

Allowance for Tax  Certificate  Losses - This  allowance  represents  the amount
which  management  believes is  sufficient to provide for future losses that are
probable and subject to reasonable estimation. In establishing its allowance for
tax  certificate  losses,  management  considers past loss  experience,  present
indicators,  such as the length of time the  certificate  has been  outstanding,
economic  conditions and collateral values. Tax certificates and resulting deeds
are  classified  as  non-accrual  when  a tax  certificate  is  24 to 60  months
delinquent, depending on the municipality, from BankAtlantic's acquisition date.
At that time interest ceases to be accrued.

Loans Held for Sale -- Such loans are reported at the lower of aggregate cost or
estimated fair value,  based on current  market prices for similar  loans.  Loan
origination  fees and related  direct loan  origination  costs and  premiums and
discounts on purchased  loans held for sale are deferred  until the related loan
is sold.

Real Estate Owned ("REO") -- BankAtlantic's REO is recorded at the lower of cost
or estimated fair value, less estimated selling costs.  Write-downs  required at
the  time  of  acquisition  are  charged  to  the  allowance  for  loan  losses.
Expenditures for capital improvements made thereafter are generally capitalized.
Real  estate  acquired  in  settlement  of loans is  anticipated  to be sold and
valuation  allowance  adjustments are made to reflect any subsequent  changes in
fair values from the  initially  recorded  amount.  The costs of holding REO are
charged to operations as incurred. Provisions and reversals in the REO valuation
allowance  are  reflected  in  operations.   The  construction  and  development
activities of Levitt Companies are not accounted for as REO.

Investment  Banking   Activities  -  Investment   banking  activities   includes
investment banking revenues, principal transactions and commissions. Ryan Beck's
securities  transactions are recorded on a trade date basis. Ryan Beck's selling
concessions,  consulting  fees,  management  fees and  underwriting  fees,  less
related  expenses,  are recorded in income as earned.  All securities  owned and
sold,  but not  yet  purchased  are  valued  at fair  value,  which  results  in
unrealized gains and losses being reflected in operations.

Real Estate Held for Development and Sale - Real estate held for development and
sale includes land, land development costs, and other construction costs and are
stated at the lower of accumulated  cost or estimated fair value.  The estimated
fair value of real estate is evaluated  based on  disposition  of real estate in
the normal course of business under existing and anticipated  market conditions.
The evaluation takes into consideration the current status of property,  various
restrictions,  carrying costs, debt service  requirements,  costs of disposition
and any other circumstances  which may affect fair value including  management's
plans for the  property.  Due to the large  acreage  of certain  land  holdings,
disposition in the normal course of business is expected to extend over a number
of years.


                                       70
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Inventory costs include direct acquisition,  development and construction costs,
interest  and  other  indirect   construction  costs.  Land  and  indirect  land
development costs are accumulated by specific area and allocated proportionately
to various  parcels or housing units within the  respective  area based upon the
most practicable methods, including specific identification and allocation based
upon the relative sales value method or acreage methods.

Start-up  costs,  construction  overhead  and selling  expenses  are expensed as
incurred.  Land, land development,  amenities and other costs are accumulated by
specific area and allocated to homes within the respective areas.

Interest is capitalized  at the effective  interest rates paid on borrowings for
interest  costs  incurred  on  real  estate  inventory   components  during  the
preconstruction  and  planning  stage and the periods  that  projects  are under
development. Capitalization of interest is discontinued if development ceases at
a project.

Revenue  and all  related  costs and  expenses  from  house  and land  sales are
recognized at the time that closing has occurred,  when title to and  possession
of the  property  and risks and rewards of  ownership  transfer to the buyer and
other sale and profit  recognition  criteria  are  satisfied  as required  under
generally accepted accounting principles for real estate transactions.

Title and mortgage  operations  include  agency and other fees  received for the
processing of title insurance  policies and mortgage loans.  Revenues from title
and mortgage  operations are recognized  when the transfer of the  corresponding
property or mortgages to third parties has been consummated.

Investments  in  Joint  Ventures  --  The  Company   accounts  for  its  general
partnership  interests  in its  joint  ventures  in  which  it has a 50% or less
ownership  interest  using the  equity  method of  accounting.  Under the equity
method,  the Company's initial investment in a joint venture is recorded at cost
and is  subsequently  adjusted  to  recognize  its share of the joint  venture's
earnings  or  losses.  Distributions  received  from joint  ventures  reduce the
carrying  amount of the  investment.  All  intercompany  profits  and losses are
eliminated  until  realized  through  third  party  transactions.   Interest  is
capitalized  on real estate joint  ventures  while the venture has activities in
progress  necessary to commence its planned  principal  operations  based on the
average  balance  outstanding  of  investments  and advances to joint  ventures.
Interest income on loans from BankAtlantic to joint ventures is eliminated based
on the Company's  ownership  percentage in  consolidation  until realized by the
joint venture.

Profit or loss on real estate sold including REO, joint ventures and real estate
held for  development  and sale is recognized in  accordance  with  Statement of
Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 66,  "Accounting for Sales of Real Estate."
Any estimated loss is recognized in the period in which it becomes apparent.

Impairment  --  Long-lived   assets,   assets  to  be  disposed  of,  investment
securities,  equity securities,  cost over fair value of net assets acquired and
certain identifiable intangibles to be held and used by the Company are reviewed
for impairment  whenever  events or changes in  circumstances  indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. In performing the review for
recoverability,  the Company  estimates the future cash flows expected to result
from  the use of the  asset  and  its  eventual  disposition.  If the sum of the
expected future cash flows  (undiscounted  and without interest charges) is less
than the  carrying  amount  of the  asset,  an  impairment  loss is  recognized.
Measurement of an impairment loss for long-lived  assets,  assets to be disposed
of, and  identifiable  intangibles  that the Company  expects to hold and use is
based on the fair value of the asset.

Office Properties and Equipment -- Land is carried at cost.  Office  properties,
equipment   and  computer   software  are  carried  at  cost  less   accumulated
depreciation.  Depreciation  is  computed on the  straight-line  method over the
estimated  useful lives of the assets which  generally  range up to 40 years for
buildings  and 3-10 years for  equipment  and  software.  The cost of  leasehold
improvements is being amortized using the straight-line method over the terms of
the related leases.

Expenditures for new properties and equipment and major renewals and betterments
are capitalized. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense
as incurred  and gains or losses on disposal of assets are  reflected in current
operations.

Cost Over Fair Value of Net Assets Acquired and Other  Intangible  Assets - Cost
over fair value of net assets  acquired  and other  intangible  assets are being
amortized on a straight-line  basis over estimated useful lives,  ranging from 7
to 25 years.  The Company  periodically  reviews its cost over fair value of net
assets  acquired  and  other   intangible   assets  for  events  or  changes  in
circumstances that may indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable,
in which an impairment charge is recorded.


                                       71
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Advertising -- Advertising expenditures are expensed as incurred.

Income Taxes - The Company does not include Bancorp and its  subsidiaries in its
consolidated  income tax return  with its wholly  owned  subsidiaries  since the
Company owns less than 80% of the outstanding stock of Bancorp.  Deferred income
taxes are  provided  on elements of income or expense  that are  recognized  for
financial   accounting  purposes  in  periods  different  than  such  items  are
recognized for income tax purposes.

The Company utilizes the asset and liability method to account for income taxes.
Under the asset and liability  method,  deferred tax assets and  liabilities are
recognized  for the  future tax  consequences  attributable  to the  differences
between  the  financial  statement  carrying  amounts  of  existing  assets  and
liabilities and their respective tax bases.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured  using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the
years in which those  temporary  differences  are  expected to be  recovered  or
settled.  The  effect  of a change  in tax  rates on  deferred  tax  assets  and
liabilities  is recognized  in the period that includes the statutory  enactment
date. A valuation allowance is provided to the extent it is more likely than not
that deferred tax assets will not be realized.

Derivative  Instruments  --The  Company  adopted SFAS No. 133,  "Accounting  for
Derivative  Instruments and Hedging Activities",  as amended by SFAS No. 137 and
SFAS No. 138 (collectively, "SFAS No. 133"), on January 1, 2001. All derivatives
are recognized on the statement of financial  condition at their fair value.  On
the date the  derivative  contract is entered into,  the Company  designates the
derivative  as  either  a hedge  of the  fair  value  of a  recognized  asset or
liability or of an unrecognized firm commitment ("fair value" hedge), or a hedge
of a forecasted  transaction or the  variability of cash flows to be received or
paid related to a recognized asset or liability ("cash flow" hedge). The Company
formally  documents all  relationships  between  hedging  instruments and hedged
items,  as well as its  risk-management  objective and strategy for  undertaking
various hedge  transactions.  This process includes linking all derivatives that
are  designated  as  fair-value  or  cash-flow  hedges to  specific  assets  and
liabilities  on  the  statement  of  financial  condition  or to  specific  firm
commitments or forecasted transactions. The Company also formally assesses, both
at the hedge's  inception and on an ongoing basis,  whether the derivatives that
are used in hedging  transactions are highly effective in offsetting  changes in
fair  values  or cash  flows  of  hedged  items.  When it is  determined  that a
derivative  is not  highly  effective  as a hedge or that it has  ceased to be a
highly effective hedge, the Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively.

Changes in the fair value of a derivative  that is highly  effective and that is
designated and qualifies as a fair-value  hedge,  along with the loss or gain on
the hedged asset or liability or unrecognized firm commitment of the hedged item
that is attributable to the hedged risk are recorded in earnings. Changes in the
fair value of a derivative  that is highly  effective and that is designated and
qualifies as a cash-flow hedge are recorded in other comprehensive income, until
earnings are affected by the variability in cash flows of the designated  hedged
item. Changes in the fair value of derivative  trading  instruments are reported
in current-period earnings.

The Company  discontinues  hedge accounting  prospectively when it is determined
that the  derivative is no longer  effective in  offsetting  changes in the fair
value or cash  flows of the  hedged  item,  the  derivative  expires or is sold,
terminated,  or exercised, the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument,
because it is unlikely that a forecasted  transaction  will occur, a hedged firm
commitment no longer meets the  definition of a firm  commitment,  or management
determines  that  designation  of the  derivative as a hedging  instrument is no
longer appropriate.

When  hedge  accounting  is  discontinued  because  it is  determined  that  the
derivative no longer  qualifies as an effective  fair-value  hedge,  the Company
continues to carry the derivative on the statement of financial condition at its
fair value,  and no longer  adjusts the hedged asset or liability for changes in
fair  value.  The  adjustment  of the  carrying  amount of the  hedged  asset or
liability  is  accounted  for in the  same  manner  as other  components  of the
carrying  amount  of  that  asset  or  liability.   When  hedge   accounting  is
discontinued  because the hedged item no longer meets the  definition  of a firm
commitment,  the Company  continues to carry the  derivative on the statement of
financial  condition at its fair value,  removes any asset or liability that was
recorded  pursuant to recognition of the firm  commitment from the balance sheet
and  recognizes  any  gain  or  loss  in  earnings.  When  hedge  accounting  is
discontinued  because it is  probable  that a  forecasted  transaction  will not
occur,  the  Company  continues  to carry the  derivative  on the  statement  of
financial  condition  at  its  fair  value,  and  gains  and  losses  that  were
accumulated  in  other  comprehensive  income  are  recognized   immediately  in
earnings. In all other situations in which hedge accounting is discontinued, the
Company  continues to carry the derivative at its fair value on the statement of
financial condition , and recognizes any changes in its fair value in earnings.


                                       72
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


At  January  1, 2001,  Bancorp  had  outstanding  interest  rate swap  contracts
utilized in its interest rate risk management strategy.  In conjunction with the
adoption of SFAS No. 133 on January 1, 2001,  Bancorp accounted for the interest
rate swap contracts in accordance with the transition provisions of SFAS No. 133
and recorded a cumulative effect adjustment gain of approximately  $1.1 million,
net of tax.

During the year ended  December 31, 2001,  Bancorp  executed  various fair value
hedges  utilizing  interest rate swap  contracts to reduce the exposure of fixed
rate time deposits to changes in fair value.  Gains and losses  associated  with
these  interest rate swap  contracts are recognized in earnings and the carrying
amount of the time deposits are adjusted to fair value.  Bancorp during the year
ended December 31, 2001 entered into cash flow hedges whereby interest rate swap
contracts  were executed to hedge the variable cash flows relating to forecasted
interest  payments on certain  variable rate FHLB  advances.  The changes in the
fair  value of the  interest  rate  swaps  designated  as cash flow  hedges  are
recorded in other comprehensive income.

During the year ended  December 31, 2000 Bancorp  entered into various  interest
rate swap  contracts.  The interest rate swap contracts were executed to convert
Bancorp's  fixed rate callable time deposits to a variable  interest rate and to
hedge the variability in expected cash flows of variable rate FHLB advances. The
interest  rate swaps  were  accounted  for as a  synthetic  alteration.  The net
interest  receivable  or payable on the  interest  rate  swaps was  accrued  and
recognized  as an  adjustment  to interest  expense.  Bancorp has also  utilized
forward delivery contracts to purchase mortgage-backed  securities.  The forward
contracts were carried at fair value with unrealized  gains  recognized in gains
on trading securities in the Statement of Operations.

During the year ended December 31, 1999, Bancorp did not purchase, sell or enter
into derivative  financial  instruments or derivative  commodity  instruments as
defined by Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards  No. 119,  "Disclosures
about Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial  Instruments"
other than fixed rate loan commitments.

Earnings  Per  Share  - While  the  Company  has two  classes  of  common  stock
outstanding, the two-class method is not presented because the Company's capital
structure does not provide for different  dividend  rates or other  preferences,
other than voting  rights,  between the two  classes.  Basic  earnings per share
excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average
number of common shares  outstanding for the period.  Diluted earnings per share
reflects  the  potential  dilution  that could occur if options to issue  common
shares were exercised.  Common stock options, if dilutive, are considered in the
weighted average number of dilutive common shares  outstanding.  The options are
included in the weighted  average number of dilutive  common shares  outstanding
based on the treasury stock method.  For all periods,  the shares of the Company
issued in connection with a 1984  acquisition are considered  outstanding  after
elimination  of the Company's  percentage  ownership of the entity that received
the shares issued in that acquisition.

Stock Based  Compensation  Plans - The Company  maintains  both  qualifying  and
non-qualifying  stock-based  compensation plans for its employees and directors.
The Company has elected to account  for its  employee  stock-based  compensation
plans under Accounting Principles Board ("APB") Opinion No. 25.

New Accounting Pronouncements --In July 2001, the FASB issued Statement No. 141,
"Business  Combinations",  and Statement No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets".  Statement 141 requires that the purchase  method of accounting be used
for all  business  combinations  initiated  after  June 30,  2001 as well as all
purchase method business  combinations  completed after June 30, 2001. Statement
141 also  specifies  criteria  which  intangible  assets  acquired in a purchase
method business  combination  must meet to be recognized and reported apart from
goodwill.  Statement 142 will require that goodwill and  intangible  assets with
indefinite  useful  lives  no  longer  be  amortized,  but  instead  tested  for
impairment at least annually in accordance with the provisions of Statement 142.
Statement  142 will also require that  intangible  assets with  definite  useful
lives  be  amortized  over  their  respective  estimated  useful  lives to their
estimated  residual  values,  and reviewed for  impairment  in  accordance  with
Statement  No. 144,  "Accounting  for the  Impairment  or Disposal of Long-Lived
Assets".  The Company is  required  to adopt the  provisions  of  Statement  141
immediately and adopted Statement 142 on January 1, 2002.

In connection with the transitional  goodwill impairment  evaluation,  Statement
142 will  require the Company to perform an  assessment  of whether  there is an
indication  that goodwill is impaired as of the date of adoption.  To accomplish
this the Company must  identify its  reporting  units and determine the carrying
value of each reporting unit by assigning the assets and liabilities,  including
the existing goodwill and intangible  assets, to those reporting units as of the
date of  adoption.  The Company will then have up to six months from the date of
adoption to determine  the fair value of each  reporting  unit and compare it to
the reporting unit's carrying amount.  To the extent a reporting unit's carrying
amount exceeds its fair value, an


                                       73
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


indication  exists that the  reporting  unit's  goodwill may be impaired and the
Company must perform the second step of the transitional impairment test. In the
second step,  the Company  must compare the implied fair value of the  reporting
unit's goodwill, determined by allocating the reporting unit's fair value to all
of its assets  (recognized and unrecognized) and liabilities in a manner similar
to a purchase price allocation in accordance with Statement 141, to its carrying
amount, both of which would be measured as of the date of adoption.  This second
step is required to be completed as soon as possible,  but no later than the end
of the year of adoption. Any transitional  impairment loss will be recognized as
the  cumulative  effect of a change in accounting  principle in the statement of
operations.

As of December 31, 2001, the Company had  unamortized  goodwill in the amount of
$39.9 million with annual  amortization  of  approximately  $4.0  million.  This
amortization  ceased upon the  adoption  of  Statement  No. 142.  The Company is
currently evaluating the transitional  goodwill impairment criteria of Statement
No. 142 and is not able to estimate the impact,  if any, that  Statement No. 142
may have on the recorded goodwill. The impairment adjustment,  if any, will have
to be  identified  by June 30, 2002 and  measured and recorded by the Company no
later than December 31, 2002.  The  impairment,  if any, will be recognized as a
cumulative  effect of a change in  accounting  principle  in the results for the
first quarter of 2002.

On July 5, 2001,  the FASB  issued  Statement  No.  143,  "Accounting  for Asset
Retirement  Obligations".  That  standard  requires  entities to record the fair
value of a liability for an asset  retirement  obligation in the period in which
it is incurred. When the liability is initially recorded, the entity capitalizes
a cost by increasing the carrying amount of the related  long-lived  asset. Over
time,  the  liability  is  accreted to its present  value each  period,  and the
capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset.  Upon
settlement of the  liability,  an entity either  settles the  obligation for its
recorded  amount or  incurs a gain or loss  upon  settlement.  The  standard  is
effective  for  fiscal  years  beginning  after  June  15,  2002,  with  earlier
application  encouraged.  Management believes that Statement 143 will not have a
material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

In  August  2001,  the  FASB  issued  Statement  No.  144,  "Accounting  for the
Impairment  or  Disposal  of  Long-Lived  Assets".  This  statement  retains the
requirements  of Statement 121 to (a)  recognize an impairment  loss only if the
carrying amount of a long-lived  asset is not recoverable  from its undiscounted
cash flows and (b)  measure an  impairment  loss as the  difference  between the
carrying  amount and fair value of the asset.  This  statement  requires  that a
long-lived asset to be abandoned,  exchanged for a similar  productive asset, or
distributed  to owners  in a spinoff  be  considered  held and used  until it is
disposed of. This statement  requires that the depreciable  life of a long-lived
asset to be abandoned be revised and that an  impairment  loss be  recognized at
the date a  long-lived  asset is  exchanged  for a similar  productive  asset or
distributed  to owners in a spinoff if the carrying  amount of the asset exceeds
its fair value. The accounting model for long-lived  assets to be disposed of by
sale is used for all  long-lived  assets,  whether  previously  held and used or
newly acquired.  That accounting model measures a long-lived asset classified as
held for sale at the lower of its  carrying  amount or fair  value  less cost to
sell and requires depreciation  (amortization) to cease. Discontinued operations
are no longer  measured on a net realizable  value basis,  and future  operating
losses are no longer  recognized  before they occur.  This statement retains the
basic provisions of Accounting  Principles Board Opinion 30 for the presentation
of   discontinued   operations  in  the  income   statement  but  broadens  that
presentation  to include a component  of an entity  (rather  than a segment of a
business). A component of an entity comprises operations and cash flows that can
be clearly  distinguished,  operationally and for financial  reporting purposes,
from the rest of the entity. A component of an entity that is classified as held
for sale or that has been disposed of is presented as a  discontinued  operation
if the  operations  and cash  flows  of the  component  will be (or  have  been)
eliminated  from the  ongoing  operations  of the entity and the entity will not
have any significant continuing involvement in the operations of the component.

The provisions of this statement are effective for financial  statements  issued
for fiscal years  beginning  after December 15, 2001, and interim periods within
those fiscal years,  with early application  encouraged.  The provisions of this
statement  generally are to be applied  prospectively.  Management believes that
the adoption of Statement  144 will not have a material  impact on the Company's
consolidated financial statements.

2.   Earnings (Loss) per Share

The Company has two classes of common stock outstanding. The two-class method is
not  presented  because the  Company's  capital  structure  does not provide for
different dividend rates or other preferences, other than voting rights, between
the two classes. The number of options considered outstanding shares for diluted
earnings per share is based upon application of the treasury stock method to the
options  outstanding as of the end of the period.  I.R.E. Realty Advisory Group,
Inc. ("RAG") owns 1,375,000 of BFC Financial  Corporation's Class A Common Stock
and 500,000 shares of BFC Financial Corporation


                                       74
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Class B Common Stock.  Because the Company owns 45.5% of the outstanding  common
stock of RAG, 624,938 shares of Class A Common Stock and 227,500 shares of Class
B Common Stock are eliminated from the number of shares outstanding for purposes
of computing earnings per share.

3. Securities and Short-Term Investments

The  following  tables  summarize  available-for-sale   securities,  investment
securities and tax certificates (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 December 31, 2001
                                                -----------------------------------------------------
                                                               Gross          Gross
                                                Amortized    Unrealized     Unrealized      Estimated
                                                  Cost      Appreciation   Depreciation    Fair Value
                                                ---------   ------------   ------------    ----------
<S>                                             <C>              <C>             <C>        <C>
Mortgage-Backed Securities:
Mortgage-backed securities                      $410,796         9,976             1        420,771
Real estate mortgage investment conduits         388,720         5,585           485        393,820
                                                --------        ------        ------        -------
     Total mortgage-backed securities           $799,516        15,561           486        814,591
                                                --------        ------        ------        -------
Investment Securities:
U.S. Treasury Notes                                5,819            --            --          5,819
Other Bonds                                          250            12            --            262
Equity securities                                 23,530        15,665           384         38,811
                                                --------        ------        ------        -------
     Total investment securities                  29,599        15,677           384         44,892
                                                --------        ------        ------        -------
          Total                                 $829,115        31,238           870        859,483
                                                ========        ======        ======        =======

<CAPTION>
                                                                 December 31, 2000
                                                -----------------------------------------------------
                                                               Gross          Gross
                                                Amortized    Unrealized     Unrealized      Estimated
                                                  Cost      Appreciation   Depreciation    Fair Value
                                                ---------   ------------   ------------    ----------
<S>                                             <C>              <C>          <C>           <C>
Mortgage-Backed Securities:
Mortgage-backed securities                      $198,957         1,255            86        200,126
Real estate mortgage investment conduits         619,238           114        12,053        607,299
                                                --------        ------        ------        -------
     Total mortgage-backed securities            818,195         1,369        12,139        807,425
                                                --------        ------        ------        -------
Investment Securities:
U.S. Treasury Notes                                5,945            --            --          5,945
Other Bonds                                          250            --            --            250
Equity securities                                 26,507        48,119           300         74,326
                                                --------        ------        ------        -------
     Total investment securities                  32,702        48,119           300         80,521
                                                --------        ------        ------        -------
          Total                                 $850,897        49,488        12,439        887,946
                                                ========        ======        ======        =======
</TABLE>

During 1999 and 2000, the Company (without  consideration  of Bancorp)  acquired
interests  in  unaffiliated  technology  entities.  During  2000 and  2001,  the
Company's interests in the technology entities were transferred at the Company's
cost to specified  asset limited  partnerships.  Subsidiaries of the Company are
the controlling general partners of these venture partnerships,  therefore, they
are consolidated in these financial  statements.  Interests in such partnerships
were sold in 2000 and 2001 to accredited investors in private offerings.  During
2000,  approximately  $5.1 million of capital was raised from unaffiliated third
parties by these  partnerships  and officers,  directors  and  affiliates of the
Company invested approximately $4.4 million in the Partnership.  The Company and
the general partners retained ownership interests of approximately $1.8 million.
Additionally,  during  2001,  approximately  $895,000 of capital was raised from
unaffiliated  third parties by these  partnerships  and officers,  directors and
affiliates  of  the  Company   invested   approximately   $1.3  million  in  the
partnerships.  The Company and the general partners retained ownership interests
of approximately $3.8 million increasing the Company's total investment in these
partnerships to $5.6 million. Of the $1.3 million, Alan Levan and Jack Abdo each
borrowed  $500,000  from the  Company  on a  recourse  basis  and Glen  Gilbert,
Executive  Vice  President,  and Earl  Pertnoy,  a director of the Company  each
borrowed $50,000 on a non-recourse basis to make their investments. Such amounts
were still  outstanding at the end of the year,  bear interest at the prime rate
plus 1% and are payable  interest only  annually with the entire  balance due in
February 2006.  After the limited  partners  receive a specified return from the
partnerships,  the  general  partners  are  entitled  to receive 20% of all cash
distributions from the partnerships.  The general partners are limited liability
companies  of which the  members  are:  John E. Abdo - 13.75%;  Alan B.  Levan -
9.25%; Glen R. Gilbert - 2.0%; John E. Abdo, Jr. - 17.5% and


                                       75
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


BFC Financial Corporation - 57.5%. Losses net of minority interests for the year
ended December 31, 2001 were  $881,000.  At December 31, 2001, the Company's net
investment in these partnerships was $4.7 million.

The  scheduled  maturities  of debt  securities  and tax  certificates  were (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       Tax Certificates/Debt
                                                   Debt Securities          Securities
                                                 Available for Sale      Held to Maturity
                                               ---------------------   ---------------------
                                                           Estimated               Estimated
                                               Amortized      Fair     Amortized      Fair
December 31, 2001(1)                             Cost        Value        Cost       Value
--------------------                           --------     -------     -------     -------
<S>                                            <C>            <C>       <C>         <C>
Due within one year                            $  5,858       5,858     103,121     103,121
Due after one year, but within five years           483         505      40,956      40,956
Due after five years, but within ten years       12,659      13,060          --          --
Due after ten years                             786,585     801,249     264,433     270,185
                                               --------     -------     -------     -------
     Total                                     $805,585     820,672     408,510     414,262
                                               ========     =======     =======     =======
</TABLE>

(1) Scheduled  maturities in the above table may vary  significantly from actual
    maturities due to prepayments.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Investment Securities and Tax Certificates
                                                     December 31, 2001 (1)
                                      ----------------------------------------------------
                                                      Gross          Gross       Estimated
                                      Amortized    Unrealized     Unrealized        Fair
                                        Cost      Appreciation   Depreciation      Value
                                      ---------   ------------   ------------    ---------
<S>                                   <C>             <C>          <C>            <C>
Tax certificates
   Net of allowance of $1,521         $144,077           --             --        144,077
Mortgage-backed securities (3)         264,433        5,878            126        270,185
Investment securities (2)               20,208           --             --         20,208
                                      --------        -----        -------        -------
                                      $428,718        5,878            126        434,470
                                      ========        =====        =======        =======

<CAPTION>
                                           Investment Securities and Tax Certificates
                                                     December 31, 2000 (1)
                                      ----------------------------------------------------
                                                      Gross          Gross       Estimated
                                      Amortized    Unrealized     Unrealized        Fair
                                        Cost      Appreciation   Depreciation      Value
                                      ---------   ------------   ------------    ---------
<S>                                   <C>             <C>          <C>            <C>
Tax certificates
   Net of allowance of $1,937         $122,352           --             --        122,352
Mortgage-backed securities (3)         238,275        4,352             --        242,627
Investment securities (2)               22,992           --             --         22,992
                                      --------        -----        -------        -------
                                      $383,619        4,352             --        387,971
                                      ========        =====        =======        =======
</TABLE>

(1) Management  considers  estimated fair value equivalent to book value for tax
    certificates  and  investment  securities  since  these  securities  have no
    readily traded market and are deemed to approximate fair value.
(2) Investment  securities  consist  of  equity  instruments  purchased  through
    private placements.
(3) Mortgage-backed securities are classified as held to maturity.


                                       76
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Activity in the allowance for tax certificate losses was (in thousands):

                                            For the Year Ended
                                               December 31,
                                            ------------------
                                             2001        2000
                                            -------    -------
          Balance, beginning of period      $ 1,937      1,504
                                            -------    -------
          Charge-offs                        (2,162)      (796)
          Recoveries                            546        329
                                            -------    -------
          Net recoveries (charge-offs)       (1,616)      (467)
                                            -------    -------
          Provision charged to operations     1,200        900
                                            -------    -------
          Balance, end of period            $ 1,521      1,937
                                            =======    =======

The components of gains and losses on sales of securities were (in thousands):

                                                           For the Year Ended
                                                              December 31,
                                                           ------------------
                                                             2001     2000
                                                            ------   ------
          Gross gains on securities activities              $7,130    3,775

          Gross losses on securities activities                 --    1,235
                                                            ------   ------
           Net gains on the sales of securities available
            for sale and trading securities                 $7,130    2,540
                                                            ======   ======

The specific  identification  method was used in  determining  cost in computing
realized  gains and losses.  Included in gains on sales of securities  available
for sale and trading  securities in the Statement of Operations were write-downs
of equity  securities of $7.9 million and $5.2 million and unrealized gains from
forward  contracts of $108,000 and $316,000  during the years ended December 31,
2001 and 2000,  respectively.  During  the year ended  December  31,  2001,  the
Company  realized a $1.4 million gain related to the settlement of interest rate
swap  contracts  and recorded an  unrealized  loss of $1.5 million  prior to the
designation of interest rate swap contracts as cash flow hedges.

The Company's trading account consisted of the following (in thousands):

                                              December 31,
                                           -----------------
                                            2001       2000
                                           -------   -------
          Debt obligations:
            States and municipalities      $ 7,593    11,731
            Corporations                    20,989       227
            U.S. Government and agencies    32,308    24,476
          Corporate equity                   7,406     3,401
          Certificates of deposit               --     3,722
                                           -------   -------
               Total                       $68,296    43,557
                                           =======   =======

All the  trading  securities  outstanding  at  December  31,  2001 and 2000 were
associated with trading  activities  conducted both as principal and as agent on
behalf  of  individual  and   institutional   investor  clients  of  Ryan  Beck.
Transactions as principal involve making markets in securities which are held in
inventory  to  facilitate  sales to and  purchases  from  customers.  Ryan  Beck
realized  income from principal  transactions of $18.9 million and $14.8 million
for the years ended December 31, 2001, and 2000, respectively.


                                       77
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Securities sold, but not yet purchased included in other liabilities consists of
the following (in thousands):

                                        December 31,
                                     -----------------
                                      2001       2000
                                     -------   -------
          Corporate equity           $ 1,882       363
          Corporate bonds             21,305        --
          U.S. Government agencies    15,244    11,662
                                     -------   -------
                                     $38,431    12,025
                                     =======   =======

Securities  sold,  but  not yet  purchased  are a part  of  Ryan  Beck's  normal
activities   as  a  broker  and  dealer  in   securities   and  are  subject  to
off-balance-sheet  market risk of loss should Ryan Beck be unable to acquire the
securities  for  delivery to the  purchaser  at prices equal to or less than the
current recorded amounts.

The  following  table  provides   information  on  securities   purchased  under
agreements to resell (in thousands):

                                                              For the Year Ended
                                                                  December 31,
                                                              ------------------
                                                                2001      2000
                                                               ------    ------
          Ending Balance                                       $  156    $1,584
          Maximum outstanding at any month end within period   $3,651    $9,421
          Average amount invested during period                $1,152    $3,034
          Average yield during period                            2.80%     5.79%

The  underlying  securities  associated  with  the  securities  purchased  under
agreements to resell  during the years ended  December 31, 2001 and 2000 were in
Bancorp's possession.

The following table provides information on Federal Funds sold (in thousands):

                                                             For the Year Ended
                                                                December 31,
                                                             ------------------
                                                              2001        2000
                                                             -------    -------
          Ending Balance                                     $    --    $    --
          Maximum outstanding at any month end within period $16,500    $10,500
          Average amount invested during period              $   564    $   629
          Average yield during period                           3.73%      6.31%

The estimated fair value of securities available for sale, investment securities
and  mortgage-backed  securities  held to  maturity  pledged  for the  following
obligations were (in thousands):

                                                         December 31,
                                                     -------------------
                                                       2001       2000
                                                     --------   --------
          FHLB advances                              $167,255   $120,691
          Treasury tax and loan                         3,200      3,200
          Repurchase agreements                       419,820    683,518
          Public funds                                155,502     69,165
          Subordinated debentures                       1,890      5,300
          Interest rate swap and forward contracts      5,966        981
                                                     --------   --------
                                                     $753,633   $882,855
                                                     ========   ========

The  change in net  unrealized  holding  gains or losses on  available  for sale
securities  included  as a separate  component  of  stockholders'  equity was as
follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                -------------------------------
                                                                  2001       2000      1999
                                                                 -------    -------   --------
<S>                                                              <C>        <C>       <C>
Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation
  on securities available for sale                               $(1,620)   $16,472   $(9,423)
Change in deferred taxes (benefits) on net unrealized
  (depreciation) appreciation on securities available for sale      (625)     6,355    (3,536)
                                                                 -------    -------   -------
Change in stockholders' equity from net unrealized
  (depreciation) appreciation on securities available for sale   $  (995)   $10,117   $(5,887)
                                                                 =======    =======   =======
</TABLE>


                                       78
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4. Loans Receivable

The  loan  and  lease  portfolio  consisted  of  the  following  components  (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              December 31,
                                                       --------------------------
                                                          2001           2000
                                                       -----------    -----------
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>
Real estate loans:
  Residential                                          $ 1,111,775    $ 1,316,062
  Construction and development                           1,122,628        937,881
  Commercial                                               524,954        372,351
  Small business                                            43,196         28,285
Other loans:
  Second mortgages - direct                                166,531        124,859
  Second mortgages - indirect                                2,159          4,020
  Commercial business                                       76,146         86,194
  Lease financing                                           54,969         75,918
  Small business - non-mortgage                             59,041         69,325
  Due from foreign banks                                     1,420         64,207
  Banker's acceptances                                           5          1,329
  Deposit overdrafts                                         2,040          2,325
  Consumer loans - other direct                             23,771         30,711
  Consumer loans - other indirect                           23,241         58,455
  Other                                                      1,184             --
Loans held for sale:
  Residential                                                4,757             --
  Commercial syndication                                    40,774         80,016
                                                       -----------    -----------
          Total gross loans                              3,258,591      3,251,938
Adjustments:
  Undisbursed portion of loans in process                 (434,166)      (344,390)
  Premiums related to purchased loans                        3,065            127
  Unearned discounts on commercial real estate loans          (119)          (178)
  Deferred profit on commercial real estate loans             (674)          (786)
  Deferred fees                                             (4,416)        (3,624)
  Allowance for loan and lease losses                      (45,657)       (48,072)
                                                       -----------    -----------
          Loans receivable - net                       $ 2,776,624    $ 2,855,015
                                                       ===========    ===========
</TABLE>

In February 2001,  BFC  originated  several  recourse and  nonrecourse  loans to
officers and directors  totaling  approximately  $1.1 million.  These loans bear
interest at the prime rate plus 1% and are due in February 2006.

BankAtlantic's  loan  portfolio had the following  geographic  concentration  at
December 31, 2001:

          Florida              54%
          California            6
          Northeast             9
          Other                31
                       ----------
            Total             100%
                       ==========

Securitization Activity:

During the year ended December 31, 2000, BankAtlantic  securitized $77.9 million
of  purchased   residential   loans  into  government   agency   mortgage-backed
securities. The resulting securities were classified as securities available for
sale.  BankAtlantic  did not securitize loans during the year ended December 31,
2001.


                                       79
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Discontinued Lending Activity:

Bancorp continuously evaluates its business units for profitability,  growth and
overall  efficiency.  As a consequence of these  evaluations  Bancorp closed the
offices of its leasing subsidiary, Leasing Technology, Inc. and ceased new lease
originations  during the third  quarter of 2001.  Included in the  allowance for
loan  losses was $8.6  million  and $2.9  million,  respectively,  of  valuation
allowances  relating to lease  financing  contracts  as of December 31, 2001 and
2000.

In September 2000,  Bancorp made a  determination  to discontinue its purchasing
and reselling of mortgage loans and its participation in syndication  commercial
lending.  Bancorp  periodically  purchased  residential loans with the intent to
package sell or securitize these loans based on individual characteristics. As a
consequence  of  Bancorp   discontinuing  these  activities,   $222  million  of
residential  loans  held for sale were  transferred  to the held for  investment
portfolio,  resulting  in Bancorp  realizing a loss of $654,000 at the  transfer
date.  Bancorp  intends  to  continue  to  purchase  residential  loans  for its
portfolio.

As a result  of  Bancorp's  decision  to  discontinue  its  syndication  lending
activities  the entire  portfolio  of $123.9  million of  syndication  loans was
transferred  from loans held for investment to loans held for sale.  Included in
the allowance for loan losses was $9.1 million and $8.5 million, respectively of
valuation  allowances  relating to syndication loans as of December 31, 2001 and
2000.

Transfer of Loans:

During the year ended  December 31, 2001,  Bancorp  transferred  $4.8 million of
residential  loans from held for  investment to held for sale and sold the loans
for book value. The majority of the loans were delinquent when purchased as part
of residential loan bulk purchases  during 1999 and 2000.  Management of Bancorp
decided  to sell  the  loans  for  book  value  instead  of  foreclosing  on the
properties.

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                        --------------------------------
                                                          2001        2000        1999
                                                        --------    --------    --------
<S>                                                     <C>         <C>         <C>
Balance, beginning of period                            $ 48,072    $  1,072    $    772
Balance, beginning of period resulting from
  consolidation of Bancorp                                            44,450
Loans and leases charged-off                             (27,916)    (32,221)         --
Recoveries of loans and leases previously charged-off      8,596       5,639          --
                                                        --------    --------    --------
Net charge-offs                                          (19,320)    (26,582)         --
Additions charged to operations                           16,905      29,132         300
                                                        --------    --------    --------
Balance, end of period                                  $ 45,657    $ 48,072    $  1,072
                                                        ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>

The following summarizes impaired loans (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           December 31, 2001          December 31, 2000
                                                       -------------------------   -------------------------
                                                          Gross                       Gross
                                                        Recorded       Specific     Recorded       Specific
                                                       Investment     Allowances   Investment     Allowances
                                                       -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
<S>                                                    <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Impaired loans with specific valuation allowances      $    23,171   $     9,936   $    23,090   $     8,057
Impaired loans without specific valuation allowances        16,533            --        30,548            --
                                                       -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
  Total                                                $    39,704   $     9,936   $    53,638   $     8,057
                                                       ===========   ===========   ===========   ===========
</TABLE>

The average gross  recorded  investment  in impaired  loans (in  thousands)  was
$54,181  and  $35,916  during  the  years  ended  December  31,  2001 and  2000,
respectively.


                                       80
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Foregone Interest Income:

Interest  income which would have been recorded under the  contractual  terms of
impaired loans and the interest income actually recognized was (in thousands):

                                 For the Year Ended
                                    December 31,
                                 ------------------
                                  2001        2000
                                 -------    -------
Contracted interest income       $ 2,815    $ 5,254
Interest income recognized (1)      (941)    (4,129)
                                 -------    -------
Foregone interest income         $ 1,874    $ 1,125
                                 =======    =======

     (1)  Interest income on impaired loans was recognized on a cash basis.

Non-performing assets (in thousands):

                                                At December 31,
                                             --------------------
                                               2001        2000
                                             --------    --------
Non-accrual -- tax certificates              $  1,727    $  2,491
Non-accrual -- loans
  Residential                                   9,203      11,229
  Syndication                                  10,700          --
  Commercial real estate and business          13,066       1,705
  Small business                                  905       2,532
  Lease financing                               2,585       1,515
  Consumer                                        796       1,944
Real estate owned, net of allowance             3,904       4,499
Other repossessed assets                           17       1,742
                                             --------    --------
          Total non-performing assets          42,903      27,657
Specific valuation allowance                   (9,936)       (819)
                                             --------    --------
          Total non-performing assets, net   $ 32,967    $ 26,838
                                             ========    ========

Non-performing   assets   consist  of   non-accrual   loans,   non-accrual   tax
certificates,  REO and repossessed assets.  Non-accrual loans are loans on which
interest  recognition has been suspended  because of doubts as to the borrower's
ability to repay  principal or interest.  Non-accrual tax  certificates  are tax
deeds or securities in which interest  recognition has been suspended due to the
aging of the certificate or deed.

Other potential problem loans (in thousands):

                                                         At December 31,
                                                        -----------------
                                                         2001       2000
                                                        -------   -------
Loans contractually past due 90 days or more
   and still accruing                                   $    --   $ 7,086
Performing impaired loans, net of specific allowances        --    15,001
Restructured loans                                          743        --
Delinquent residential loans purchased                    1,705     5,389
                                                        -------   -------
Total potential problem loans                           $ 2,448   $27,476
                                                        =======   =======

Other potential problem loans consist of loans contractually past due 90 days or
more and still  accruing,  restructured  loans,  performing  impaired  loans and
delinquent  residential  loans.  Loans  contractually  past  due 90 days or more
represent  loans  that  have  matured  and the  borrower  continues  to make the
payments  under the matured loan  agreement.  BankAtlantic  is in the process of
renewing or extending these matured loans. Restructured loans are loans in which
the original terms were modified  granting the borrower loan  concessions due to
financial  difficulties.  Performing  impaired loans are still accruing impaired
loans,  and delinquent  purchased loans were  non-performing  residential  loans
purchased at a discount. The purchased


                                       81
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


discount on the delinquent purchased loans was $120,000 and $442,000 at December
31, 2001 and 2000,  respectively.  During the year ended December 31, 2001, $3.7
million of delinquent residential loans purchased were sold at book value. There
were  no  commitments  to lend  additional  funds  to  non-performing  loans  or
potential problem loans at December 31, 2001.

During February 2002, a $17 million loan collateralized by a hotel was placed on
a  non-accrual  status when the borrower  failed to comply with the  contractual
terms of the loan agreement.  This loan is not included in the above table as of
December  31,  2001,  but will be  reported  as a  non-accruing  loan in  future
periods.

Foreclosed Asset Activity in non-interest expense (in thousands):

                                                  For the Year Ended
                                                     December 31,
                                                  ------------------
                                                   2001        2000
                                                  -------    -------
Real estate acquired in settlement of loans and
   tax certificates:
Operating expenses, net                           $   160    $   186
Provisions for losses on REO                          117        134
Net (gains) losses on sales                        (1,053)       107
                                                  -------    -------
          Total (income) loss                     $  (776)   $   427
                                                  =======    =======

Activity in the allowance for real estate owned consisted of (in thousands):

                                 For the Year Ended
                                    December 31,
                                 -------- --------
                                   2001     2000
                                 -------- --------
Balance, beginning of period     $    310 $    310
Net charge-offs:
  Commercial real estate (1)         (220)      --
  Residential real estate            (207)    (134)
                                 -------- --------
Total net charge-offs                (427)    (134)
  Provision for losses on  REO        117      134
                                 -------- --------
Balance, end of period           $     -- $    310
                                 ======== ========

     (1)  Acquired through tax deed.

Accrued interest receivable consisted of (in thousands):

                                                December 31,
                                             -----------------
                                              2001       2000
                                             -------   -------
Loans receivable                             $16,494   $22,824
Investment securities and tax certificates    12,003    10,645
Interest rate swaps                              317     5,356
Securities available for sale                  4,973     5,221
                                             -------   -------
                                             $33,787   $44,046
                                             =======   =======

5. Restructuring Charges, Impairment Write-downs and Discontinued Operations

Restructuring Charges and Impairment Write-downs:

During 2001,  BankAtlantic evaluated the performance of its in-store branches in
relation to its core business strategy and decided to exit the line of business.
The  in-store  branches  were  evaluated  for asset  impairment  resulting  in a
$550,000  write-down.  The fair value of impaired  assets was estimated  through
sales  contracts  on specific  in-store  branches and  discounted  cash flows on
in-store  branches  anticipated to be closed in subsequent  periods.  During the
year ended December 31, 2001,  twelve  in-store  branches were sold to unrelated
financial institutions for a $1.6 million gain.  BankAtlantic expects to sell or
close down the remaining four in-store branches during the first half of 2002.


                                       82
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


During  December  2000,  a plan was  adopted  to  terminate  BankAtlantic's  ATM
relationships with Wal*Mart and K-Mart resulting in a $2.1 million restructuring
charge and a $509,000  impairment  write-down.  The above  relationships did not
meet strategic goals or required investment returns.

Restructuring  charges at  December  31,  2000  included  in other  liabilities,
consisted of (in thousands):


                                   December 31,
                                       2000
                                   ------------
Lease contract termination costs   $      1,768
De-installation costs                       305
Other                                        74
                                   ------------
     Total restructuring charge    $      2,147
                                   ============

During the second  quarter  of 2001,  the  restructuring  charge  liability  was
adjusted  downward by $219,000 to reflect lower ATM lease termination costs than
projected when the restructuring charge was first determined.  The restructuring
plan was completed during the fourth quarter of 2001.

Discontinued Operations:

At December 31, 1998, the Board of Directors of Bancorp adopted a formal plan to
dispose of its mortgage servicing business ("MSB") operations.  It was concluded
that this business line no longer met Bancorp's standards for profitability. The
exit plan was  substantially  completed  during the year ended December 31, 1999
following the sale of the servicing portfolio in July 1999.

During the year ended December 31, 2000, Bancorp recognized a $669,000 gain, net
of taxes from discontinued operations. The gain primarily resulted from a higher
than  projected  gain on the sale of a building  formerly  used by the  mortgage
servicing unit.

6. Office Properties and Equipment

Office properties and equipment was comprised of (in thousands):

                                            December 31,
                                        -------------------
                                          2001       2000
                                        --------   --------
Land                                    $ 14,977   $ 15,102
Buildings and improvements                45,365     45,927
Furniture and equipment                   40,548     39,726
                                        --------   --------
          Total                          100,890    100,755
Less accumulated depreciation             39,104     40,794
                                        --------   --------
Office properties and equipment - net   $ 61,786   $ 59,961
                                        ========   ========


                                       83
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


7. Deposits

The  weighted  average  nominal  interest  rate  payable on deposit  accounts at
December 31, 2001 and 2000 was 2.74% and 4.62%,  respectively.  The stated rates
and balances at which BankAtlantic paid interest on deposits were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      December 31,
                                                   --------------------------------------------------
                                                            2001                       2000
                                                   -----------------------    -----------------------
                                                     Amount      Percent        Amount      Percent
                                                   ----------   ----------    ----------   ----------
                                                                         (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                <C>               <C>      <C>               <C>
Interest free checking                             $  285,918        12.56%   $  245,320        10.98%
Insured money fund savings
   1.81% at December 31, 2001,
   5.38% at December 31, 2000,                        589,045        25.87       539,355        24.14
NOW accounts
  0.70% at December 31, 2001,
  0.70% at December 31, 2000,                         218,261         9.59       199,589         8.93
Savings accounts
  0.90% at December 31, 2001,
  1.20% at December 31, 2000,                          98,202         4.31        90,989         4.07
                                                   ----------   ----------    ----------   ----------
Total non-certificate accounts                      1,191,426        52.33     1,075,253        48.12
                                                   ----------   ----------    ----------   ----------
Certificate accounts:
  0.00% to 4.00%                                      258,936        11.37        32,785         1.47
  4.01% to 5.00%                                      430,741        18.92        68,837         3.08
  5.01% to 6.00%                                      212,362         9.33       144,341         6.46
  6.01% to 7.00%                                      170,970         7.51       812,250        36.35
  7.01% and greater                                     5,399         0.24        92,144         4.12
                                                   ----------   ----------    ----------   ----------
Total certificate accounts                          1,078,408        47.37     1,150,357        51.48
                                                   ----------   ----------    ----------   ----------
Total deposit accounts                              2,269,834        99.70     2,225,610        99.60
                                                   ----------   ----------    ----------   ----------
Fair value adjustment related to hedged deposits        1,326         0.06            --         0.00
                                                   ----------   ----------    ----------   ----------
Interest earned not credited to deposit accounts        5,407         0.24         8,875         0.40
                                                   ----------   ----------    ----------   ----------
Total                                              $2,276,567       100.00%   $2,234,485       100.00%
                                                   ==========   ==========    ==========   ==========
</TABLE>

Interest expense by deposit category was (in thousands):

                                            For the Year Ended
                                               December 31,
                                           --------------------
                                             2001        2000
                                           --------    --------
Money fund savings and NOW accounts        $ 20,241    $ 26,156
Savings accounts                              1,451       1,267
Certificate accounts -- below $100,000       30,324      40,394
Certificate accounts, $100,000 and above     33,960      24,246
Less early withdrawal penalty                  (308)       (340)
                                           --------    --------
               Total                       $ 85,668    $ 91,723
                                           ========    ========

At  December  31,  2001,  the amounts of  scheduled  maturities  of  certificate
accounts were (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       Year Ending December 31,
                    ----------------------------------------------------------------
                      2002       2003       2004       2005       2006    Thereafter
                    --------   --------   --------   --------   --------  ----------
<S>                 <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
0.00% to 4.00%      $241,671   $ 10,788   $  5,315   $     59   $    725   $    378
4.01% to 5.00%       243,450    129,355     37,058      1,750     19,118         10
5.01% to 6.00%        89,415     51,165     58,877      1,013      1,847     10,045
6.01% to 7.00%       126,057      8,712      3,018      3,061         81     30,041
7.01% and greater      3,435        719        349        896         --         --
                    --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
          Total     $704,028   $200,739   $104,617   $  6,779   $ 21,771   $ 40,474
                    ========   ========   ========   ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>


                                       84
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Time deposits of $100,000 and over had the following maturities (in thousands):

                                           December 31,
                                               2001
                                           ------------
                       3 months or less      $112,065
                       4 to 6 months           61,166
                       7 to 12 months          86,794
                       More than 12 months    310,383
                                             --------
                                 Total       $570,408
                                             ========

Included in certificate accounts (in thousands):

                                                   December 31.
                                               -------------------
                                                 2001       2000
                                               --------   --------
              Brokered deposits                $ 48,000     31,182
              Public deposits                   307,026     92,914
                                               --------   --------
                Total institutional deposits   $355,026    124,096
                                               ========   ========

Ryan Beck acted as principal dealer in obtaining $28.0 million and $31.2 million
of  the  brokered  deposits  outstanding  as of  December  31,  2001  and  2000,
respectively.  BankAtlantic  has various  relationships  for obtaining  brokered
deposits.  These  relationships  are  considered  as an  alternative  source  of
borrowings,  when and if needed.  Included in brokered  deposits at December 31,
2001, were $40 million of ten and fifteen year callable fixed rate time deposits
with an  average  interest  rate of  6.06%.  The  callable  interest  rate  swap
contracts  were written to swap the 6.06% average fixed interest rate to a three
month LIBOR interest rate.

8. Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Funds Purchased

Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") (in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      December 31,
        Repayable During Year                                                   --------------------------
         Ending December 31,              Year Callable       Interest Rate        2001          2000
---------------------------------------  -----------------  ------------------  ------------  ------------
<S>                                            <C>           <C>                    <C>        <C>
2001                                                         6.29% to 7.09%     $         --   $    37,778
2002                                                         5.16% to 7.18%          126,490        66,468
2003                                                         5.39% to 7.25%          144,540        84,555
2004                                                         5.52% to 5.68%           85,000            --
2005                                                         6.09% to 6.15%           75,000            --
                                                                                ------------  ------------
     Total fixed rate advances                                                       431,030       188,801
                                                                                ------------  ------------

2003                                           2001               5.39%                   --        25,000
2005                                           2001          6.09% to 6.15%               --        75,000
2007                                           2002               5.68%               25,000        25,000
2008                                           2001               5.18%                   --        25,000
2008                                           2003          4.87% to 5.67%          465,000       465,000
2010                                           2002               5.84%               30,000        30,000
2011                                           2004          4.50% to 4.90%           50,000            --
2011                                           2005               5.05%               30,000            --
                                                                                ------------  ------------
     Total callable fixed rate advances                                              600,000       645,000
                                                                                ------------  ------------
     Adjustable rate advances
2001                                                         6.60% to 6.78%               --       205,000
2003                                                              4.90%               50,000            --
2006                                                              5.46%               25,000            --
                                                                                ------------  ------------
     Total adjustable rate advances                                                   75,000       205,000
                                                                                ------------  ------------
     Total FHLB advances                                                        $  1,106,030  $  1,038,801
                                                                                ============  ============
Average cost during period                                                              5.61%         5.95%
                                                                                ============  ============
</TABLE>


                                       85
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Callable  advances  give the FHLB the  option  to  re-price  the  advance,  at a
specific future date. Upon the FHLB's  exercising its call option,  BankAtlantic
has the option to convert to a three month  LIBOR-based  floating  rate advance,
payoff  the  advance  or  convert  to a fixed  rate  advance.  BankAtlantic  has
established a blanket floating lien with the FHLB against its residential loans.
At December 31, 2001,  $1.1 billion of 1-4 family  residential  loans and $209.2
million of commercial real estate loans were pledged  against FHLB advances.  In
addition,  FHLB stock is pledged as collateral  for  outstanding  FHLB advances.
BankAtlantic's line of credit with the FHLB is limited to 30% of assets, subject
to available  collateral,  with a maximum term of 10 years at December 31, 2001.
On December 31, 2001,  BankAtlantic  pledged $201.4 million of consumer loans to
the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta ("FRB") as collateral for potential advances
of $161.1 million. The FRB line of credit has not been utilized.

Federal Funds Purchased:

BankAtlantic  established  $110.0  million of lines of credit with other banking
institutions  for the purchase of federal  funds.  The following  table provides
information on federal funds purchased: (dollars in thousands).

                                             2001        2000
                                           --------    --------
Ending balance                             $ 61,000    $  9,700
Maximum outstanding at any month end
  within period                            $107,000    $ 21,500
Average amount outstanding during period   $ 54,167    $ 12,300
Average cost during period                     3.86%       6.57%

9. Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase

Securities  sold  under  agreements  to  repurchase  are  summarized  below  (in
thousands):

                                                 December 31,
                                             -------------------
                                               2001       2000
                                             --------   --------
Agreements to repurchase the same security   $255,408   $532,172
Customer repurchase agreements                150,662    127,330
                                             --------   --------
          Total                              $406,070   $659,502
                                             ========   ========

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase is a transaction  whereby Bancorp
sells a portion of its current investment  portfolio (usually MBS's and REMIC's)
at a  negotiated  rate and agrees to  repurchase  the same assets on a specified
date. Bancorp issues repurchase agreements to institutions and to its customers.
These  transactions  are  collateralized  by  investment  securities.   Customer
repurchase agreements are not insured by the FDIC.

The  following  table  provides  information  on the  agreements  to  repurchase
(dollars in thousands):

                                                         For the Year Ended
                                                             December 31,
                                                       ------------------------
                                                          2001          2000
                                                       ----------    ----------
Maximum borrowing at any month-end within the period   $  714,121    $  686,586
Average borrowing during the period                    $  542,296    $  550,850
Average interest cost during the period                      4.16%         5.27%
Average interest cost at end of the period                   1.52%         6.40%

The  following  table  lists the  amortized  cost and  estimated  fair  value of
securities  sold  under  repurchase  agreements,  and the  repurchase  liability
associated with such transactions (dollars in thousands):


                                       86
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                                                     Weighted
                                                        Estimated     Average
                              Amortized       Fair     Repurchase    Interest
                                 Cost        Value       Balance       Rate
                             -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
December 31, 2001 (1)
Mortgage-backed securities   $   220,259  $   225,494  $   217,630         1.73%
REMIC                            191,204      194,326      188,440         1.30
                             -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
          Total              $   411,463  $   419,820  $   406,070         1.52%
                             ===========  ===========  ===========  ===========
December 31, 2000 (1)
Mortgage-backed securities   $   264,612  $   268,070  $   252,140         6.55%
REMIC                            423,565      415,448      407,362         6.16
                             -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
          Total              $   688,177  $   683,518  $   659,502         6.40%
                             ===========  ===========  ===========  ===========

     (1)  At  December  31,  2001  $249.4  million  of  these   securities  were
          classified  as  available  for  sale  and  $170.4   million  of  these
          securities were classified as held to maturity. The available for sale
          securities  were  recorded  at fair  value  and the  held to  maturity
          securities  were  recorded  at  amortized  cost  in  the  consolidated
          statements of financial condition. At December 31, 2000 all securities
          were classified as available for sale.

Repurchase  agreements  at December  31, 2001 matured and were repaid in January
2002. These securities were held by unrelated broker dealers.

10.  Subordinated  Debentures  and  Other  Debt,  Other  Liabilities  and  Trust
     Preferred Securities

The following subordinated debentures,  Trust Preferred Securities and notes and
bonds payable were outstanding (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                          Beginning
                                             December 31,                                       Conver-         Class      Optional
                                 Issue   -------------------    Interest        Maturity         sion            of       Redemption
                                 Date      2001       2000        Rate            Date           Price          Stock        Date
                               --------  --------   --------   ----------       ---------      ---------      ---------   ----------
<S>                            <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>              <C>            <C>            <C>         <C>
Bancorp Borrowings
9% Debentures                  09/22/95  $ 21,000   $ 21,000             9%       10/1/05            N/A            N/A    10/1/1998
6 3/4% Debentures (1)          07/03/96        --     51,118          6.75%        7/1/06      $     5.7              A     7/1/1999
5 5/8% Debentures (1)          11/25/97    46,067     46,103          5.63%       12/1/07      $   11.25              A    12/1/2000
Investment Notes                Various        --     34,790   10.00-11.75%          2002(2)         N/A            N/A          N/A
Bank line of credit            08/24/00       100     19,964    Prime -.50%        9/1/04            N/A            N/A          N/A
Brokerage margin account       08/18/00        --      1,131          7.63%           N/A            N/A            N/A          N/A
                                         --------   --------
  Total Bancorp
  borrowings                               67,167    174,106
                                         --------   --------
Levitt Companies
  Borrowings
Acquisition Note               09/15/00    12,400     14,000    Prime+1/2%         9/1/05            N/A            N/A          N/A
Working Capital Line           09/15/00     3,500      3,000      Prime+1%        9/15/03            N/A            N/A          N/A
Land Acquisition Loan          09/17/01     7,000         --    Prime+1/2%         5/1/02            N/A            N/A          N/A
Acquisition and
   Development Notes            Various    29,673     29,015      Various%        Various            N/A            N/A          N/A
Development Bond               03/31/00       638      1,052          8.5%         1/1/22            N/A            N/A          N/A
Land Acquisition Loan          09/25/01    11,050         --      Prime+1%        9/24/02            N/A            N/A          N/A
Notes payable                  07/15/98        --      3,185    Prime+1.5%        7/15/03            N/A            N/A          N/A
                                         --------   --------
  Total Levitt Companies                   64,261     50,252
                                         --------   --------
BFC Borrowings
Working Capital                 Various     4,515      4,080    Prime + 1%           2002            N/A            N/A          N/A
Mortgage payables               Various     9,541      9,892       Various      2002-2010            N/A            N/A          N/A
                                         --------   --------
  Total BFC borrowings                     14,056     13,972
                                         --------   --------
  Total Borrowings                      $ 145,484  $ 238,330
                                         ========   ========
Trust Preferred
Securities                   04/24/97    $ 74,750   $ 74,750           9.5%       6/30/27            N/A            N/A    6/30/2002
                                         ========   ========
  Total                                  $220,234   $313,080
                                         ========   ========
                               -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                       87
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     (1)  Convertible at the option of the holder into shares of Bancorp Class A
          Common Stock.

     (2)  Extendable at Bancorp's option until 2003.

Included  in other  assets was $3.6  million  and $5.3  million  of  unamortized
underwriting  discounts  and costs at December 31, 2001 and 2000,  respectively,
associated with the issuance of subordinated debentures and other debt.

Annual Maturities of Subordinated Debentures and Other Debt (in thousands):

    Year Ending
   December 31,              Amount
---------------          --------------
       2002              $       31,737
       2003                      13,784
       2004                       5,892
       2005                      34,647
       2006                         276
    Thereafter                  133,898
                         --------------
                         $      220,234
                         ==============

Retirement of Debt:

During the year ended  December  31, 2001,  Bancorp  redeemed  $34.8  million of
subordinated   investment  notes  and  recognized  a  $253,000  (net  of  taxes)
extraordinary loss.

In August  2001,  Bancorp  called for  redemption  approximately  $51 million in
principal amount of its outstanding 6-3/4% convertible  subordinated  debentures
due 2006. At the redemption  date on September 19, 2001,  all but  approximately
$251,000 of the 6-3/4% convertible  debentures were converted by holders into an
aggregate of 8,919,649  shares of Bancorp Class A Common Stock.  The  debentures
were  convertible  into Bancorp  Class A Common  Stock at a conversion  price of
$5.70.  During the year ended  December 31, 2000 Bancorp  issued 5,965 shares of
Bancorp  Class A Common Stock upon  conversion  of $34,000 of  Bancorp's  6-3/4%
debentures.

During the year ended  December  31, 2000,  Bancorp  repurchased  $53.8  million
aggregate  principal amount of Bancorp's 5-5/8% Debentures and recognized a $7.9
million  (net of  income  tax)  extraordinary  gain in  conjunction  with  these
purchases.

Revolving Credit Facility:

On August 24,  2000,  Bancorp  entered into a revolving  credit  facility of $20
million from an independent financial institution.  The credit facility contains
customary covenants including financial covenants relating to regulatory capital
and maintenance of certain loan loss reserves and is secured by the common stock
of BankAtlantic.  On September 17, 2001 the maturity date of the credit facility
was  extended to September  of 2004 and the maximum  outstanding  balance of the
credit  facility was increased  from $20 million to $30 million.  Bancorp was in
compliance with all loan covenants at December 31, 2001.

Investment Notes and Margin Debt:

During the year  ended  December  31,  2000,  Bancorp  issued  $34.8  million of
subordinated  investment notes. The interest rates and maturity dates were fixed
upon  issuance.  Bancorp  may have  elected  at any time  prior to  maturity  to
automatically extend the maturity date of the investment notes for an additional
one year.  The  investment  notes were  subordinated  to all existing and future
senior indebtedness.  The subordinated investment notes were redeemed in full in
September 2001.

From  time to  time,  Bancorp  borrows  funds  under a  margin  account  with an
unrelated  broker/dealer.  The terms of this account are ordinary and  customary
for such accounts.


                                       88
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Trust Preferred Securities:

Bancorp Capital Trust I ("Bancorp Capital ") is a statutory business trust which
was  formed  for the  purpose  of  issuing  9-1/2%  Cumulative  Trust  Preferred
Securities ("Trust Preferred  Securities") and investing the proceeds thereof in
Junior Subordinated  Debentures of Bancorp.  Bancorp Capital issued 2.99 million
shares of Trust  Preferred  Securities at a price of $25 per share in April 1997
for $74.75  million.  Bancorp  Capital  used these  proceeds and $2.3 million of
contributed  capital  from  Bancorp to purchase  $77.1  million of 9 1/2% Junior
Subordinated  Debentures  from Bancorp  which  mature on June 30, 2027.  The net
proceeds to Bancorp  from the sale of the Junior  Subordinated  Debentures  were
$71.8  million after  deduction of the  underwriting  discount and expenses.  At
December 31, 2001 and 2000, the amount of Trust Preferred Securities outstanding
was  $74.75  million.   Interest  on  the  Junior  Subordinated  Debentures  and
Distributions  on the Trust  Preferred  Securities are fixed at 9 1/2% per annum
and are payable  quarterly  in  arrears.  Distributions  on the Trust  Preferred
Securities are cumulative and based upon the liquidation  value of $25 per Trust
Preferred Security.  Bancorp has the right, at any time, so long as there are no
continuing  events of  default  to defer  payments  of  interest  on the  Junior
Subordinated  Debentures for a period not exceeding 20 consecutive quarters; but
not beyond the stated maturity of the Junior Subordinated Debentures. To date no
interest  has been  deferred.  The Trust  Preferred  Securities  are  subject to
mandatory  redemption,  in  whole  or in  part,  upon  repayment  of the  Junior
Subordinated Debentures at maturity or their earlier redemption. Bancorp has the
right to redeem the Junior Subordinated  Debentures after June 30, 2002 and also
has the right to redeem the Junior Subordinated  Debentures in whole (but not in
part) within 180 days following  certain events,  as defined,  whether occurring
before or after June 30, 2002, and therefore cause a mandatory redemption of the
Preferred  Securities.  The exercise of such right is subject to Bancorp  having
received  regulatory approval to do so if then required under applicable capital
guidelines or regulatory  policies.  In addition,  Bancorp has the right, at any
time,  to shorten the maturity of the Junior  Subordinated  Debentures to a date
not  earlier  than June 30,  2002.  Exercise  of this  right is also  subject to
Bancorp's  having received  regulatory  approval to do so if then required under
applicable capital guidelines or regulatory policies.

Indentures

The  Indenture  relating to all of the  Debenture  indentures  (including  those
related  to  the  Junior  Subordinated  Debentures)  contain  certain  customary
covenants found in Indentures under the Trust Indenture Act, including covenants
with respect to the payment of principal and interest,  maintenance of an office
or agency for administering the Debentures, holding of funds for payments on the
Debentures in Trust,  payment by Bancorp of taxes and other claims,  maintenance
by Bancorp of its properties and its corporate  existence and delivery of annual
certifications to the Trustee.

The Debenture indenture for the 9% subordinated  debenture provides that Bancorp
cannot declare or pay dividends on, or purchase, redeem or acquire for value its
capital  stock,  return any capital to holders of capital stock as such, or make
any  distributions of assets to holders of capital stock as such,  unless,  from
and after the date of any such  dividend  declaration  or purchase,  redemption,
payment or  distribution,  Bancorp retains cash, cash  equivalents or marketable
securities sufficient to cover the two consecutive semi-annual interest payments
that  will  be  next  due  and  payable.  Bancorp  is in  compliance  with  this
requirement.

Levitt Companies

Levitt  Companies'  acquisition and development  loan obligations are secured by
land acquisitions,  construction and development of various residential projects
located in Florida. The unused commitments on these various mortgage obligations
were $27.0 million at December 31, 2001. The fixed rate loans total $9.9 million
and have interest  rates ranging from 5.88% to 8.50% and maturity  dates ranging
from April 2002 to May 2009. The variable rate loans total $19.8 million and are
indexed to the prime rate of interest with maturity  dates ranging from May 2002
to April 2004.

Levitt Companies borrowed $15 million from an unaffiliated financial institution
to finance the  purchase of Levitt and Sons.  The  obligation  is secured by the
stock of  Levitt  and Sons and  covenants  in the loan  agreement  prohibit  the
payment of dividends or other advances by Levitt Companies to Bancorp.  There is
currently $12.4 million outstanding on this loan.

Levitt and Sons entered into a credit agreement with a non-affiliated  financial
institution  to  provide a working  capital  line of credit of $4.5  million  on
September  15, 2001 and will be reduced to $3.5 million on  September  15, 2002.
The outstanding  balance at December 31, 2001 and 2000 was $3.5 million and $3.0
million, respectively. The credit agreement requires Levitt and Sons to maintain
financial covenants during the term of the agreement.


                                       89
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Core Communities entered into a credit agreement with a non-affiliated financial
institution  to provide a line of credit of $8.4 million.  At December 31, 2001,
Core  Communities  had an  available  credit of $8.4  million and no balance was
outstanding.

Bancorp  is  not  a  guarantor  on  Levitt  Companies'  obligations.   Bancorp's
inter-company  loans to Levitt Companies of $27.9 million and $28.5 million were
eliminated in consolidation at December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

Ryan Beck

At December 31, 2001,  Ryan Beck had a line of credit facility with an unrelated
financial  institution  in the amount of $20 million  with an  interest  rate of
LIBOR  plus one  percent.  The line  expires  on April 1, 2002 and is secured by
certificates  of  deposit  ("CDs")  from  Ryan  Beck's  certificate  of  deposit
wholesale  business.  There were no amounts  outstanding  under this facility at
December 31, 2001.

BFC

All mortgage  payables and other borrowings are from  unaffiliated  parties.  At
December  31,  2001,  the  Company  had a line of credit  in the  amount of $8.0
million  requiring  only  interest  payments  at prime plus 1% and  maturing  in
January  2002.  The  outstanding  balance at December 31, 2001 and 2000 was $4.5
million and $4.1 million, respectively. In January 2002, this line of credit was
paid-off  and a new line of  credit  was  issued in the  amount of $8.0  million
requiring only interest  payments at prime plus 1% and maturing in December 2002
with a balance  outstanding of $4.5 million.  Approximately 21% of the shares of
Bancorp's Class A Common Stock owned by BFC are pledged as collateral.

At December  31, 2001 and 2000,  approximately  $8.7  million and $8.8  million,
respectively,  of the mortgage  payables  relate to real estate with an interest
rate of 9.2% and  maturity  date in May 2007.  At  December  31,  2001 and 2000,
approximately $872,000 and $1.1 million,  respectively, of the mortgage payables
relate  to  mortgage  receivables  in  connection  with the  sale of  properties
previously  owned by the Company,  with interest  rates at 6% and maturity dates
ranging from 2009 to 2010.

Included in other  liabilities  at December  31, 2001 and 2000 is  approximately
$5.0  million,  representing  amounts due in connection  with the  settlement of
class action litigation that arose in connection with exchange transactions that
the Company entered into in 1989 and 1991.

11. Investment in Bancorp, and Bancorp's Equity Transactions

At December 31, 2001,  the Company  owned  8,296,891  shares of Bancorp  Class A
Common Stock and 4,876,124  shares of Bancorp Class B Common Stock  representing
22.7% of all  outstanding  Bancorp Common Stock. On May 24, 2001 Bancorp amended
its articles of incorporation to grant voting rights to holders of Bancorp Class
A Common Stock, make Bancorp Class B Common Stock convertible into Bancorp Class
A Common  Stock on a share for share  basis,  and  equalize  the cash  dividends
payable on Bancorp's Class A Common Stock and Bancorp's Class B Common Stock. As
a consequence of the amendment,  Bancorp's Class A shareholders  are entitled to
one vote per share, which in the aggregate  represent 53% of the combined voting
power of Bancorp's  Class A Common  Stock and  Bancorp's  Class B Common  Stock.
Bancorp's  Class B Common Stock  represents  the  remaining  47% of the combined
vote. The fixed voting  percentages will be eliminated,  and shares of Bancorp's
Class B Common Stock will be entitled to only one vote per share, from and after
the date that BFC or its  affiliates  no longer  own in the  aggregate  at least
2,438,062 shares of Class B Common Stock.

The  percentage  of votes  controlled  by the Company  determines  the Company's
consolidation policy,  whereas, the percentage of ownership of total outstanding
common  stock  determines  the amount of Bancorp net income,  recognized  by the
Company. Since BFC controls greater than 50% of the vote of Bancorp,  Bancorp is
consolidated in the Company's financial statements.

The following table reflects BFC's percentage ownership in Bancorp:

                     Class A   Class B
                      Common    Common      Total         Combined
                      Stock     Stock    Outstanding        Vote
                    ----------------------------------------------
December 31, 2001     15.60%      100%      22.70%         55.30%
December 31, 2000     26.20%      100%      36.00%        100.00%
December 31, 1999     26.10%    47.50%      31.30%        100.00%


                                       90
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The acquisition of Bancorp was accounted for as a purchase and accordingly,  the
assets and  liabilities  acquired were revalued to reflect  market values at the
dates of  acquisition.  The discounts  and premiums  arising as a result of such
revaluation  were generally being accreted or amortized (i.e.  added into income
or deducted from income),  net of tax, using the level yield or interest  method
over the remaining  life of the assets and  liabilities.  The net impact of such
accretion,  amortization  and  other  purchase  accounting  adjustments  was  to
increase  consolidated  net earnings during the year ended December 31, 2000 and
1999 by approximately $149,000 and $658,000, respectively, and none for the year
ended December 31, 2001.

The payment of dividends by Bancorp is subject to declaration by Bancorp's Board
of Directors and compliance with applicable  indenture covenants and will depend
upon,  among other things,  the results of operations,  financial  condition and
cash requirements of Bancorp and the ability of BankAtlantic to pay dividends or
otherwise  advance funds to Bancorp,  which in turn is subject to OTS regulation
and is based upon  BankAtlantic's  regulatory  capital  levels  and net  income.
Currently, Bancorp pays a quarterly dividend of $0.029 per share for Class A and
Class B Common Stock.

The following are additional equity transactions of Bancorp that impact or could
impact the Company's ownership percentage of Bancorp and minority interest

Issuance of Bancorp Class A Common Stock

During  December  2001,  Bancorp  sold 6.9 million  shares of its Class A Common
Stock in an underwritten  public offering at a price of $8.25 per share. The net
proceeds  after  underwriting  discounts and expenses were  approximately  $53.5
million.  Bancorp used the  proceeds to fund a portion of the purchase  price to
acquire Community Savings Bankshares, Inc. on March 22, 2002.

On August 15, 2001,  Bancorp called for redemption  approximately $51 million in
principal amount of its outstanding 6-3/4% Convertible  Subordinated  Debentures
due 2006. The 6 3/4%  Convertible  Debentures  were  convertible  into Bancorp's
Class A Common Stock at $5.70 per share. At the redemption date on September 19,
2001, all but approximately  $251,000 of the 6 3/4% Convertible  Debentures were
converted by holders into an aggregate of 8,919,649  million shares of Bancorp's
Class A Common Stock.

During July 2001, Bancorp sold 5.1 million shares of its Class A Common Stock in
an underwritten  public offering at a price of $8.50 per share. The net proceeds
after underwriting  discounts and expenses were approximately  $40.3 million and
were used to redeem  approximately $34.8 million of its subordinated  investment
notes and for general corporate purposes.

Retirement of Bancorp Public Class B Common Stock:

On August  17,  2000,  Bancorp's  Class A and Class B  shareholders  approved  a
transaction which resulted in the redemption and retirement of all publicly held
shares of Bancorp  Class B Common Stock at a price of $6.00 per share.  Pursuant
to the  transaction,  Bancorp  paid $33.2  million  (including  $1.5  million of
transaction expenses) to retire 5,275,752 shares of its Class B Common Stock. As
a result of the  transaction,  the Company became the sole holder of the Class B
Common Stock.  Bancorp's Class A Common Stock remained outstanding and unchanged
by the transaction.

Outstanding   options  to  purchase   Bancorp  Class  A  Common  Stock  remained
exercisable for the same number of shares of Bancorp Class A Common Stock as the
surviving  corporation for the same exercise price and upon the same terms as in
effect before the corporate transaction.  Likewise, Bancorp's 6-3/4% Convertible
Subordinated Debentures due 2006 and 5-5/8% Convertible  Subordinated Debentures
due 2007 remained  convertible into the same number of shares of Bancorp Class A
Common Stock at the same  conversion  price and upon the same terms as in effect
before the corporate transaction.

The redemption and retirement of all publicly held outstanding shares of Bancorp
Class B Common Stock  resulted in  compensation  expense of $1.3 million for the
year ended December 31, 2001. The  compensation  charge resulted from retirement
of shares of Bancorp  Class B Common  Stock in the  corporate  transaction  from
holders who received  these shares upon  exercise of options to acquire  Bancorp
Class B Common Stock within six months of the date of retirement.


                                       91
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Bancorp Restricted Stock Incentive Plan and Retention Pool:

During the year ended  December  31,  2001,  Bancorp  issued  196,500  shares of
Bancorp   restricted   Class  A  Common  Stock  to  certain  key   employees  of
BankAtlantic.  The restricted stock vests over designated periods and had a fair
market value of $1.4 million on the issue date.

Bancorp  in  December   1998,   adopted  a  Restricted   Stock   Incentive  Plan
("BankAtlantic  Bancorp-Ryan  Beck Restricted  Stock Incentive Plan") to provide
additional  incentives  to officers and key  employees of Bancorp's  subsidiary,
Ryan Beck.  The Plan  provided up to 862,500  Bancorp  Class A common  shares of
restricted  stock,  of which not more than 287,500  shares may be granted to any
one  person.  The Plan  allows  the Board of  Directors  of Bancorp to impose an
annual cap on awards.

The Board of Bancorp granted 16,287, 0, and 127,002 shares of Bancorp restricted
Class A Common Stock under this plan to key employees of Ryan Beck in 2001, 2000
and  1999,  respectively.   The  fair  value  of  the  awards  was  recorded  as
compensation  expense over the vesting period.  The restricted  stock vests over
designated periods and had a fair market value of $100,000,  $0, and $801,000 on
the issue date in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

In  connection  with  the  acquisition  of  Ryan  Beck  in  June  1998,  Bancorp
established a retention pool covering  certain key officers of Ryan Beck,  under
which 785,866 shares of Bancorp  restricted  Class A Common Stock were issued to
key employees.  The retention pool was valued at $8.1 million at the acquisition
date,  and the  shares  vest four  years  from the date of  acquisition  and are
treated as  compensation  expense.  In January  2000,  each  participant  in the
retention pool was provided the  opportunity  to exchange the restricted  shares
that were allocated to such participant for a cash-based  deferred  compensation
award in an  amount  equal to the  aggregate  value at the date of the Ryan Beck
acquisition.   The  deferred   compensation   awards  were  granted   under  the
BankAtlantic Bancorp,  Inc., Deferred Compensation Plan ("Plan"). The purpose of
the plan was to  provide  employees  of Ryan  Beck  with a  cash-based  deferred
compensation plan in exchange for their interest in Bancorp's restricted Class A
Common Stock issued upon the  establishment  of the retention  pool. On March 1,
2000,  749,533  shares of Bancorp  Class A  restricted  common  stock out of the
755,474 shares of Bancorp  restricted  common stock  outstanding were retired in
exchange for the  establishment  of  interests in the new plan in the  aggregate
amount of $7.8 million. Bancorp may at its option terminate the Plan at any time
without the consent of its  participants or  stockholders  and distribute to the
participants  the amount  credited  to their  deferred  account  (in whole or in
part).  The  participant's  account  will be  settled  by Bancorp in cash on the
vesting date (June 28, 2002) except  Bancorp can elect to defer payment of up to
50% of a  participant's  interest in the plan for up to one year  following  the
vesting date. If Bancorp  elects to exercise its rights to defer 50% of the cash
payment,  Bancorp will issue a note bearing  interest at prime plus 1%. Included
in the Company's  Statement of Financial  Condition in other  liabilities  was a
$6.5 million obligation  associated with the Plan.  Included in the Statement of
Operations  during 2001and 2000 was $2.0 million and $1.9 million,  respectively
of compensation expense associated with the Plan.

Bancorp Stock Repurchases:

In March 1998, Bancorp Board of Directors announced a plan to purchase up to 2.3
million shares of its common stock and in July 1999,  Bancorp's Board approved a
plan to purchase up to an additional 3.5 million shares of its common stock. The
repurchase plans were canceled as of December 31, 2000.

Bancorp  repurchased  and retired  the  following  shares  pursuant to the above
announced purchase plans (in thousands except share data):

                                                       For the Year
                                                    Ended December 31,
                                                 -----------------------
                                                    2000         1999
                                                 ----------   ----------
Bancorp Class A shares purchased                         --    1,149,655
Bancorp Class B shares purchased                    736,000      221,375
Amount paid to purchase Bancorp Class A shares   $       --   $    8,394
Amount paid to purchase Bancorp Class B shares   $    4,363   $    1,564


                                       92
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Bancorp Stock Option Plans:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      Stock Option Plans
                                          -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          Maximum Term       Shares        Class of       Vesting          Type of
                                               (3)       Authorized (6)      Stock      Requirements     Options (5)
                                          -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>              <C>               <C>      <C>                 <C>
1996 Stock Option Plan                      10 years         2,246,094         A        5 Years (1)         ISO, NQ
1998 Ryan Beck Option Plan                  10 years           362,417         A                (4)         ISO, NQ
1998 Stock Option Plan                      10 years           920,000         A        5 Years (1)         ISO, NQ
1999 Non-qualifying Stock Option Plan       10 years           862,500         A                (2)              NQ
1999 Stock Option Plan                      10 years           862,500         A                (2)         ISO, NQ
2000 Non-qualifying Stock Option Plan       10 years         1,704,148         A        immediately              NQ
2001 Stock Option Plan                      10 years         1,500,000         A        5 Years (1)         ISO, NQ
</TABLE>

(1)  All Bancorp directors' stock options vest immediately.
(2)  Options vest at the discretion of the compensation committee.
(3)  All outstanding options could be exercised 10 years after their grant date.
(4)  Upon  acquisition  of Ryan Beck,  Bancorp  assumed all options  outstanding
     under Ryan Beck's  existing stock option plans at various  exercise  prices
     based upon the exercise prices of the assumed  option.  No new options will
     be issued under the 1998 Ryan Beck option plan and the plan will  terminate
     when the  outstanding  options  expire.  The value of such  options  at the
     acquisition  date was included in the cost of the Ryan Beck acquisition and
     credited to additional paid-in-capital.
(5)  ISO - Incentive Stock Option NQ - Non-qualifying Stock Option
(6)  During 2001 shares  available  for  granting  but not then granted from all
     stock  options  plans  except the 2001  stock  option  plan were  canceled.
     Bancorp's  Board has  increased the number of shares  authorized  under the
     2001 stock  option plan to  3,000,000  subject to  shareholder  approval at
     Bancorp 2002 Annual Meeting.

In  August  2000,  Bancorp's  Class B  Common  Stock  shareholder  approved  the
BankAtlantic  Bancorp 2000 non-qualifying stock option plan which authorized the
issuance of options to acquire up to 1,704,148  shares of Bancorp Class A Common
Stock. The plan was established  pursuant to the corporate  transaction in order
to exchange  options to acquire Bancorp Class B Common Stock that were converted
in the transaction  into options to acquire  Bancorp's Class A Common Stock. All
outstanding  options to acquire  Bancorp Class B Common Stock were exchanged for
1,704,148  non-qualifying  options to acquire Bancorp Class A Common Stock at an
exercise price ranging from $2.26 to $2.32, based upon the exercise price of the
relevant Bancorp Class B option. The options issued had the same intrinsic value
as Bancorp  Class B options  canceled and had  substantially  the same terms and
conditions  as the former  options to purchase  shares of Bancorp Class B Common
Stock,  including  vesting and term.  The 1994  option plan for the  issuance of
options to acquire Bancorp Class B Common Stock was terminated.


                                       93
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


A summary of Bancorp stock option activity segregated by class of stock was:

                                                    Bancorp       Bancorp
                                                    Class A       Class B
                                                    Outstanding   Outstanding
                                                    Options       Options
                                                    -----------   -----------
Outstanding December 31, 1998                        2,513,631     1,885,581
Exercised                                              (51,997)     (118,420)
Forfeited                                             (408,052)       (7,693)
Issued                                               1,534,754            --
                                                    ----------    ----------
Outstanding December 31, 1999                        3,588,336     1,759,468
Issued in connection with corporate transaction      1,704,148            --
Canceled in connection with corporate transaction           --    (1,136,108)
Exercised                                              (16,456)     (623,360)
Forfeited                                             (145,642)           --
Issued                                                 360,000            --
                                                    ----------    ----------
Outstanding at December 31, 2000                     5,490,386            --
Exercised                                             (361,085)           --
Forfeited                                             (227,097)           --
Issued                                                 553,875            --
                                                    ----------
Outstanding at December 31, 2001                     5,456,079            --
                                                    ==========    ==========
Available for grant at December 31, 2001               955,125            --
                                                    ==========    ==========

                                                           For the Year Ended
                                                               December 31,
                                                         ---------------------
                                                          2001    2000    1999
                                                         -----   -----   -----
Weighted average exercise price of options outstanding   $4.70   $4.80   $5.25
Weighted average exercise price of options exercised      4.32    3.40    3.90
Weighted average price of options forfeited              $6.06   $6.05   $5.92

With respect to Bancorp's  stock option plan,  the adoption of FAS 123 under the
fair value based method would have increased  compensation  expense (net of tax)
by $538,000  for the year ended  December  31, 2001 and $1.1 million for each of
the years in the two year period  ended  December 31, 2001.  The  Company's  net
income would have decreased by approximately $122,000, $396,000 and $344,000 for
the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999.

The option method used to calculate the FAS 123 compensation  adjustment was the
Black-Scholes model with the following grant date fair values and assumptions:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        Weighted Average
                                ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                   Number of                                Risk Free                      Expected
   Year of          Options      Grant Date    Exercise      Interest        Expected      Dividend
    Grant           Granted      Fair Value      Price         Rate         Volatility       Yield
---------------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------    -----------    ------------
<S>                 <C>         <C>           <C>                  <C>           <C>             <C>
           1999     1,534,754   $      3.39   $      6.28          5.17%         50.00%          1.34%
           2000       270,000   $      1.78   $      3.84          6.47%         50.00%          2.61%
           2000        90,000   $      1.70   $      4.05          6.47%         50.00%          2.61%
           2001       553,875   $      1.69   $      3.94          5.04%         50.00%          3.00%
</TABLE>

Bancorp's  employee  turnover  factor was 13.00% for incentive stock options and
1.50% for non-qualifying  stock options during the year ended December 31, 2001.
Bancorp's   employee  turnover  factor  was  6.00%  for  officer  incentive  and
non-qualifying  stock  options  during the year ended  December 31, 2000 Bancorp
employee  turnover  factor was 6.00% for  incentive  stock  options  and 25% for
non-qualifying  stock options for the year ended December 31, 1999. The expected
life for all options issued was 7.5 years.


                                       94
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The  following  table  summarizes  information  about  Bancorp's  stock  options
outstanding at December 31, 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             Options Outstanding                          Options Exercisable
                               ------------------------------------------------       ----------------------------
                                                Weighted-           Weighted-                          Weighted-
Class of     Range of          Number           Average             Average           Number           Average
Common       Exercise          Outstanding      Remaining           Exercise          Exercisable      Exercise
Stock        Prices            at 12/31/01      Contractual          Price            at 12/31/01       Price
                                                Life
------------ ---------------   --------------   ---------------     -----------       -------------    -----------
<S>          <C>                   <C>               <C>            <C>                  <C>           <C>
A            $2.26 to 4.44         2,474,742         5.0 years      $     2.89           1,597,866     $     2.34
A            $4.45 to 7.83         2,684,066         6.0 years            5.93             851,406           5.24
A            $7.84 to 12.23          297,271         5.3 years            8.71             105,459           9.35
                               -------------    --------------      ----------        ------------     ----------
                                   5,456,079         5.5 years      $     4.70           2,554,731     $     3.60
                               =============    ==============      ==========        ============     ==========
</TABLE>


                                       95
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12. Income Taxes

The provision for income taxes consisted of (in thousands):

                                     2001        2000        1999
                                   --------    --------    --------
Continuing operations provision    $ 25,396    $ 13,362    $  4,183
Discontinued operations                  --         361          --
Extraordinary items                    (136)      4,280         110
Cumulative effect of a change in
  accounting principle                  683          --          --
                                   --------    --------    --------
Total                              $ 25,943    $ 18,003    $  4,293
                                   ========    ========    ========

Continuing operations:
Current:
   Federal                         $ 21,661    $ 13,483    $     80
   State                                478         869          --
                                   --------    --------    --------
                                     22,139      14,352          80
                                   --------    --------    --------
Deferred:
   Federal                            1,410      (2,098)      3,528
   State                              1,847       1,108         575
                                   --------    --------    --------
                                      3,257        (990)      4,103
                                   --------    --------    --------

Provision for income taxes         $ 25,396    $ 13,362    $  4,183
                                   ========    ========    ========

A reconciliation from the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% for the years
ended  December 31, 2001,  2000 and 1999 to the effective tax rate is as follows
(in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          2001 (1)    2000 (1)    1999 (1)
                                                                          --------    --------    --------
<S>                                                                       <C>         <C>         <C>
Income tax provision at expected federal income tax rate of 35%           $ 16,927    $  8,062    $  4,002
  Increase (decrease) resulting from:
  Taxes related to subsidiaries not consolidated for income tax purpose      4,823       3,577          --
  Tax-exempt interest income                                                  (165)       (129)         --
  Provision for state taxes net of federal benefit                             501         565         374
  Change in valuation allowance for deferred tax assets                     (1,286)       (800)         --
  Change in State tax valuation allowance                                    1,637         926          --
  Impairment and amortization of costs over
     fair value of net assets acquired                                       3,590       1,300          --
  Other - net                                                                 (631)       (139)       (193)
                                                                          --------    --------    --------
          Provision for income taxes                                      $ 25,396    $ 13,362    $  4,183
                                                                          ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>

(1)  Expected tax is computed based upon income (loss) before minority interest,
     discontinued  operations,  extraordinary  items and cumulative  effect of a
     change in accounting principle.


                                       96
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The  tax  effects  of  temporary  differences  that  give  rise  to  significant
components of the deferred tax assets and tax  liabilities  at December 31, 2001
and 2000 were (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         December 31,
                                                                                     --------------------
                                                                                       2001        2000
                                                                                     --------    --------
<S>                                                                                  <C>         <C>
Deferred tax assets
   Provision for discontinued operations, restructuring charges and write-downs      $    404    $  1,106
   Allowance for loans, REO, tax certificate losses, investment losses and
     other reserves for financial statement purposes                                   20,536      20,780
   Net operating loss carryforward                                                      8,252       6,905
   Real estate held for development and sale capitalized costs for tax purposes
     in excess of amounts capitalized for financial statement purposes                 10,669      13,192
   Other                                                                                5,461       4,391
                                                                                     --------    --------
  Total gross deferred tax assets                                                      45,322      46,374
  Less valuation allowance                                                              7,682       7,331
                                                                                     --------    --------
  Total deferred tax assets                                                            37,640      39,043
                                                                                     --------    --------
Deferred tax liabilities:
   Subsidiary not consolidated for income tax purposes                                 26,853      24,375
   Tax bad debt reserve in excess of base year reserve                                    546         819
   Deferred loan income, due to differences in the recognition of loan origination
     fees and discounts                                                                   688       1,984
   Accumulated other comprehensive income                                              10,018       3,955
    Other                                                                               3,451       3,565
                                                                                     --------    --------
  Total gross deferred tax liabilities                                                 41,556      34,698
                                                                                     --------    --------
  Net deferred tax (liability) asset                                                   (3,916)      4,345
  Less net deferred income tax (asset) liability at beginning of period                (4,345)     13,594
  Less deferred income tax assets at beginning of period resulting from
    Bancorp consolidation                                                                  --     (41,487)
  Less deferred provision for income tax applicable to extraordinary items                 --          --
  (Decrease) in deferred tax liability from Bancorp's other capital transaction        (1,026)        (66)
  (Decrease) increase in BFC's accumulated other comprehensive income                  (1,467)      6,355
  Increase (decrease) in Bancorp's accumulated other comprehensive income               7,497      18,002
                                                                                     --------    --------
  (Provision) benefit for deferred income taxes                                        (3,257)        743
  Provision for deferred income taxes - discontinued operations                            --         247
                                                                                     --------    --------
  (Provision) benefit for deferred income taxes - continuing operations              $ (3,257)   $    990
                                                                                     ========    ========
</TABLE>

                                                              For the Year Ended
                                                                  December 31,
                                                              ------------------
                                                                2001     2000
Activity in the deferred tax valuation allowance              -------- --------
  was (in thousands):

Balance, beginning of period                                  $ 7,331   $   --
Bancorp balance at beginning of period                             --    5,140
Utilization of acquired tax benefits                           (1,163)    (470)
Increase in state deferred tax valuation allowance              1,637    2,991
Other decreases in deferred tax valuation allowance              (123)    (330)
                                                              -------   ------
Balance, end of period                                        $ 7,682   $7,331
                                                              =======   ======

Except as discussed below,  Bancorp's management believes that Bancorp will have
sufficient  taxable  income of the  appropriate  character  in  future  years to
realize its net deferred  income tax asset.  In evaluating  the  expectation  of
sufficient future taxable income,  management  considered the future reversal of
temporary  differences  and  available  tax  planning  strategies  that could be
implemented, if required. A valuation allowance was required for the years ended
December  31, 2001


                                       97
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


and 2000 as it was management's assessment that, based on available information,
it is more likely than not that a portion of the  deferred tax asset will not be
realized. A change in the valuation allowance will occur if there is a change in
management's  assessment of the amount of the net deferred income tax asset that
is expected to be realized.  The valuation allowance was established in order to
reflect  uncertainties  associated  with the utilization of certain tax benefits
acquired  in  connection  with  the  Core   Communities  and  Levitt   Companies
acquisitions.

For the years ended  December 31, 2001 and 2000,  the activity in the  valuation
allowance  included  increases  of $1.6 million and $3.0  million,  respectively
relating to state deferred tax assets for which  realizability is limited due to
the  deconsolidation  of Bancorp and its  subsidiaries  for  Florida  income tax
purposes.   The  remaining  activity  in  the  valuation  allowance  relates  to
utilization  of tax benefits and  adjustments  of estimated  future tax benefits
associated with Levitt Companies' real estate activities.

Approximately  $2.0  million  of  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  ("NOL's")
acquired  in  connection  with the Core  Communities  acquisition  remain  as of
December 31, 2001 which expire through the year 2011. The NOL  carryforwards can
only be  realized  if Core  Communities  has  taxable  income of an  appropriate
character.

Bancorp is not included in the Company's  consolidated  tax return.  At December
31, 2001, the Company  (excluding  Bancorp) had estimated  state and federal net
operating loss carry forwards as follows (in thousands):

  Expiration
     Year          State            Federal
  ----------    ------------     --------------
     2006               429                 --
     2007             4,235              4,558
     2008             2,332              3,322
     2011             1,662              1,831
     2012               669                984
     2021             1,160              1,857
                -----------      -------------
                     10,487             12,552
                ===========      =============

Prior to December 31, 1996,  Bancorp was permitted to deduct from taxable income
an allowance  for bad debts which was in excess of the provision for such losses
charged to income. Accordingly,  retained earnings at December 31, 2001 includes
$10.1 million for which no provision for income tax has been provided. If in the
future this portion of retained  earnings is  distributed,  or Bancorp no longer
qualifies as a bank for tax purposes,  federal income tax of approximately  $3.9
million would be imposed.

13. Employee Benefits Plan

BFC's Stock  Option  Plan  provides  for the grant of stock  options to purchase
shares of the Company's  Common  Stock.  The plan provides for the grant of both
incentive  stock options and  non-qualifying  options.  The exercise  price of a
stock  option will not be less than the fair market value of the Common Stock on
the date of the grant and the  maximum  term of the  option  is ten  years.  The
following table sets forth information on all outstanding options:


                                       98
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                           Class B
                                         Outstanding
                                           Options      Price per Share
                                        -------------   ---------------
Outstanding at December 31, 1998            2,919,407    1.13 to 10.34
Issued                                        182,500    6.00 to  6.00
Exercised                                          --
                                        -------------
Outstanding at December 31, 1999            3,101,907    1.13 to 10.34
Issued                                             --
Exercised                                          --
                                        -------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2000            3,101,907    1.13 to 10.34
Issued                                             --
Exercised                                     (18,750)   1.20 to  1.20
                                        -------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2001            3,083,157    1.13 to 10.34
                                        =============
Exercisable at December 31, 2001            2,900,657    1.13 to 10.34
                                        =============
Available for grant at December 31, 2001      543,125
                                        =============

The weighted average exercise price of options outstanding at December 31, 2001,
2000 and 1999 was $3.92,  $4.03 and $4.03,  respectively.  The weighted  average
price of options  exercised  was $1.20 during the year 2001 and none in 2000 and
1999.

The adoption of FAS 123 under the fair value based  method would have  increased
compensation  expense by approximately  $182,000,  $183,000 and $134,000 for the
years ended December 31, 2001,  2000 and 1999,  respectively.  The effect of FAS
123 under the fair  value  based  method  would  have  affected  net  income and
earnings per share as follows:

                                    For the Year Ended
                                        December 31,
                                2001        2000        1999
                              ---------   ---------   ---------
Net income :
   As reported                $   5,474       3,635       7,426
   Proforma                       5,362       3,523       7,344
Basic earnings per share:
   As reported                      .69         .46         .93
   Proforma                         .67         .45         .92
Diluted earnings per share:
   As reported                      .62         .43         .84
   Proforma                         .61         .42         .83

The option model used to calculate the FAS 123  compensation  adjustment was the
Black-Scholes model with the following grant date fair values and assumptions:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 Number of                                    Risk Free     Expected                Expected
     Date of      Options   Grant Date   Type of   Exercise   Interest        Life      Expected    Dividend
      Grant       Granted   Fair Value    Grant      Price      Rate         (Years)   Volatility     Yield
      -----       -------   ----------    -----      -----      ----          -----    ----------     -----
<S>               <C>         <C>          <C>      <C>        <C>             <C>       <C>           <C>
     7/1/97        49,176     $1.623       ISO      $ 4.067    5.800%          6.0       27.40%        0%
     7/1/97       119,574     $1.849       NQ       $ 4.067    5.820%          7.5       27.40%        0%
     7/1/97       750,000     $1.703       NQ       $ 4.467    5.820%          7.5       27.40%        0%
     1/13/98      532,500     $5.873        *       $10.334    5.530%          7.5       44.46%        0%
     4/6/99       182,500     $4.990        *       $ 6.000    5.280%          7.5       92.21%        0%
</TABLE>

* Both non-qualified and incentive stock options were granted.

The employee turnover was considered to be none. The weighted average fair value
of options  granted  during the years ended  December 31, 1999 was $4.99.  There
were no options issued during 2001 and 2000.


                                       99
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The following table summarizes  information  about stock options  outstanding at
December 31, 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                Options Outstanding                            Options Exercisable
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------    -----------------------
                                             Weighted
                            Number            Average         Weighted           Number          Weighted
          Range of        Outstanding        Remaining         Average         Exercisable        Average
       Exercise Prices    at 12/31/01    Contractual Life  Exercise Price      at 12/31/01    Exercise Price
       ---------------    -----------    ----------------  --------------      -----------    --------------
<S>                        <C>               <C>               <C>             <C>                <C>
       $1.00 to $5.00      2,368,157         3.7 Years         $2.47           2,368,157          $ 2.47
       $5.01 to $10.00       182,500         7.3 Years         $6.00                  --              --
      $10.01 to $10.34       532,500         6.0 Years        $10.34             532,500          $10.34
</TABLE>

BFC Profit Sharing Plan

The  Company  has  an  employee's   profit-sharing   plan  which   provides  for
contributions  to a fund of a  defined  amount,  but not to  exceed  the  amount
permitted under the Internal Revenue Code as deductible  expense.  The provision
charged to operations  was  approximately  $35,000,  $35,000 and $30,000 for the
years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999,  respectively.  Contributions  are
funded on a current basis.

Bancorp's Pension Plan

At December 31, 1998,  Bancorp froze its defined  benefit  pension plan ("Plan")
pursuant to which then-current  participants in the Plan ceased accruing service
benefits  beyond  that  date and all  participants  became  vested  in the Plan.
Bancorp  will be subject  to future  pension  expense or income  based on future
actual plan returns and actuarial values of the plan obligations to employees.

The following  tables set forth the Plan's funded status and the prepaid pension
cost included in the  Consolidated  Statements  of Financial  Condition in other
assets at:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    December 31,
                                                            -----------------------------
                                                                2001            2000
                                                            -------------   -------------
                                                                   (In thousands)
<S>                                                         <C>             <C>
Projected benefit obligation at the beginning of the year   $    18,938     $    17,665
Interest cost                                                     1,429           1,353
Actuarial loss                                                    1,503             712
Benefits paid                                                      (782)           (792)
                                                            -----------     -----------
Projected benefit obligation at end of year                 $    21,088     $    18,938
                                                            ===========     ===========

<CAPTION>
                                                                    December 31,
                                                            -----------------------------
                                                                2001            2000
                                                            -------------   -------------
                                                                   (In thousands)
<S>                                                         <C>             <C>
Fair value of Plan assets at the beginning of year          $     26,822    $     28,278
Actual return on Plan assets                                      (1,474)           (664)
Employer contribution                                                 --              --
Benefits paid                                                       (782)           (792)
                                                            ------------    ------------
Fair value of Plan assets as of actuarial date              $     24,566    $     26,822
                                                            ============    ============
</TABLE>


                                      100
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              December 31,
                                                                      ----------------------------
                                                                          2001            2000
                                                                      -------------   ------------
                                                                             (In thousands)
<S>                                                                   <C>             <C>
Actuarial present value of projected benefit obligation for service
  rendered to date                                                    $    (21,088)   $    (18,938)
Plan assets at fair value as of the actuarial date                          24,566          26,822
                                                                      ------------    ------------
Plan assets in excess of projected benefit obligation                        3,478           7,884
Unrecognized net loss (gain) from past experience different from
 that assumed and effects of changes in assumptions                          3,505          (1,853)
                                                                      ------------    ------------
Prepaid pension cost                                                  $      6,983    $      6,031
                                                                      ============    ============
</TABLE>

Net pension cost includes the following components:

                                                        For the Year Ended
                                                           December 31,
                                                     -----------------------
                                                        2001          2000
                                                     ---------     ---------

Service cost benefits earned during the period       $      --     $      --
Interest cost on projected benefit obligation            1,429         1,353
Expected return on plan assets                          (2,381)       (2,511)
Amortization  of unrecognized net gains and losses          --          (309)
                                                     ---------     ---------
Net periodic pension benefit (1)                     $    (952)    $  (1,467)
                                                     =========     =========

(1)  Periodic pension benefit is included in employee compensation expense.

The actuarial assumptions used in accounting for the Plan were:

                                                      For the Year Ended
                                                         December 31,
                                                    -------------------
                                                      2001        2000
                                                    --------    -------
Weighted average discount rate                         7.25%      7.50%
Rate of increase in future compensation levels          N/A         N/A
Expected long-term rate of return                      9.00%      9.00%

Actuarial  estimates and assumptions are based on various market factors and are
evaluated on an annual basis,  and changes in such assumptions may impact future
pension costs.  Participant data at December 31, 2001 and 2000, was used for the
actuarial assumption for the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000. Bancorp did
not fund the plan during the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000.

BankAtlantic 401(k) Plan:

BankAtlantic  sponsors  a defined  contribution  plan  ("401(k)  Plan")  for all
employees who have completed  three months of service.  Employees can contribute
up to 14% of  their  salary,  not to  exceed  $10,500  for 2001  and  2000.  For
employees   that  fall   within  the  highly   compensated   criteria,   maximum
contributions were 7% of salary.  Included in employee compensation and benefits
on the consolidated statement of operations was $1.5 million and $1.1 million of
expenses  and  employer  contributions  related to the 401(k) Plan for the years
ended December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively. The discretionary employer match
was 100% of the  first 4% of an  employee's  contribution  for the  years  ended
December 31, 2001 and 2000,  vesting  according  to a schedule  over a period of
five years.  Beginning  January 1, 2002,  the 401(k) Plan was amended to provide
for an employer match of 100% of the first 3% of an employee's  contribution and
50% of the next 1% of an employee's contribution,  paid each pay day and vesting
immediately.

BFC 401(k) Plan

BFC sponsors a defined  contribution  plan ("401(k) Plan") for all employees who
are at least 21 years of age. Employees can contribute up to 50% of their salary
not to exceed the maximum dollar  limitations  contained in the Internal Revenue
Code in


                                      101
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


effect  for  such  calendar  year.  Under  the  401(k)  Plan,  BFC  may  make  a
discretionary match as deemed appropriate by the BFC Board of Directors. BFC did
not make any matching contributions during 1999, 2000 or 2001.

Ryan Beck Plans:

Ryan Beck  maintains two  retirement  plans for eligible  employees,  the 401(k)
Savings Plan and the Money Purchase Pension Plan.

Ryan Beck's Money Purchase Pension Plan contributions totaled $1.4 million, $1.6
million and $1.0 million  during the years ended  December  31,  2001,  2000 and
1999, respectively. Ryan Beck contributes 8% of an employee's eligible earnings,
as defined, subject to certain limitations.

Ryan Beck's  employees may  contribute up to 12% of their  earnings,  subject to
certain limitations,  to the 401(k) Savings Plan. For the period January 1, 2001
to March  31,  2001,  Ryan  Beck  matched  dollar-for-dollar  on the first 4% of
contributions  for  salaried   employees  and  the  first  2.5%  for  investment
consultants.   Effective  April  1,  2001,  Ryan  Beck  suspended  the  matching
contributions to its 401(k) Savings Plan. Included in employee  compensation and
benefits on the  consolidated  statement of operations was $224,000 and $560,000
of expenses and employer contributions related to the 401(k) Savings Plan during
the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

14. Stockholders' Equity

The  Company's  Articles  of  Incorporation  authorize  the  issuance  of  up to
10,000,000  shares of $.01 par value preferred stock. The Board of Directors has
the authority to divide the  authorized  preferred  stock into series or classes
having the relative rights,  preferences and limitations as may be determined by
the Board of Directors without the prior approval of shareholders.  The Board of
Directors has the power to issue this preferred stock on terms that would create
a  preference  over the  Company's  Common  Stock  with  respect  to  dividends,
liquidation  and voting  rights.  No further vote of security  holders  would be
required prior to the issuance of the shares.

The Company's  Articles of  Incorporation  authorize the Company to issue both a
Class A Common Stock,  par value $.01 per share and a Class B Common Stock,  par
value $.01 per share. The Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock have
substantially  identical  terms  except  that (i) the  Class B  Common  Stock is
entitled  to one vote per  share  while the  Class A Common  Stock  will have no
voting  rights  other than those  required by Florida law and (ii) each share of
Class B Common Stock is convertible at the option of the holder thereof into one
share of Class A Common Stock.

On January 10, 1997, the Board of Directors of BFC Financial Corporation adopted
a Shareholder  Rights Plan. As part of the Rights Plan,  the Company  declared a
dividend  distribution  of one preferred  stock purchase right (the "Right") for
each  outstanding  share of BFC's Class B Common Stock to shareholders of record
on January 21, 1997. Each Right will become exercisable only upon the occurrence
of certain  events,  including the  acquisition  of 20% or more of BFC's Class B
Common  Stock by  persons  other  than the  existing  control  shareholders  (as
specified in the Rights  Plan),  and will entitle the holder to purchase  either
BFC stock or shares in the  acquiring  entity at half the  market  price of such
shares.  The Rights may be redeemed by the Board of  Directors at $.01 per Right
until the tenth day  following the  acquisition  of 20% or more of BFC's Class B
Common Stock by persons other than the existing  controlling  shareholders.  The
Board may also, in its discretion,  extend the period for redemption. The Rights
will expire on January 10, 2007.


                                      102
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


15. Commitments and Contingencies

Bancorp is lessee under various  operating  leases for real estate and equipment
extending to the year 2072.  The  approximate  minimum future rentals under such
leases, at December 31, 2001, for the periods shown was (in thousands):

Year Ending December 31,                       Amount
                                            ------------
2002                                        $     7,381
2003                                              6,814
2004                                              4,498
2005                                              2,750
2006                                              2,188
Thereafter                                        4,211
                                            -----------
          Total                             $    27,842
                                            ===========

                                                           For the Year Ended
                                                              December 31,
                                                          -------------------
                                                            2001       2000
                                                          --------   --------
Rental expense for premises and equipment                 $ 10,545   $  9,683
                                                          --------   --------
Allowance for future rental payments on closed branches
(included in other liabilities)                           $     --   $     75
                                                          ========   ========

The allowance for closed branches includes branches closed in prior periods, and
those branches included in the restructuring plan (see Note 5).

At December  31, 2001,  BankAtlantic  leased 327 ATM's  located in  BankAtlantic
branch locations,  cruise ships,  Native American  Reservation gaming facilities
and various retail outlets.

In  the  normal  course  of  its  business,  Bancorp  is a  party  to  financial
instruments with  off-balance-sheet  risk. These financial  instruments  include
commitments  to extend  credit and to issue standby and  documentary  letters of
credit. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees,  elements of credit risk.
BankAtlantic's  exposure  to credit loss in the event of  nonperformance  by the
other party to the financial  instrument  for  commitments  to extend credit and
standby  letters of credit written is represented by the  contractual  amount of
those  instruments.  BankAtlantic  uses  the  same  credit  policies  in  making
commitments  and  conditional   obligations  as  it  does  for  on-balance-sheet
instruments.

Financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk were:

                                                               December 31,
                                                          ----------------------
                                                            2001        2000
                                                          ----------  ----------
                                                              (in thousands)
Commitment to sell fixed rate residential loans           $     462   $      599
Commitments to purchase mortgage backed securities           60,394       11,564
Forward contract to purchase mortgage-backed securities     110,752      225,163
Commitments to extend credit, including the undisbursed
  portion of loans in process                               779,788      476,545
Letters of credit                                           196,883      187,596

Commitments  to extend credit are agreements to lend funds to a customer as long
as  there  is no  violation  of any  condition  established  in the  commitment.
Commitments  generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination  clauses
and may require  payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to
expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily
represent   future  cash   requirements.   BankAtlantic  has  $28.0  million  of
commitments  to extend  credit at a fixed  interest  rate and $751.8  million of
commitments  to extend credit at a variable  rate.  BankAtlantic  evaluates each
customer's  creditworthiness  on a case-by-case  basis. The amount of collateral
required by  BankAtlantic  in connection with an extension of credit is based on
management's credit evaluation of the counter-party.


                                      103
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Standby letters of credit written are conditional  commitments  issued by or for
the benefit of  BankAtlantic  to guarantee  the  performance  of a customer to a
third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private
borrowing arrangements. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is
essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers.
BankAtlantic  may hold  certificates  of deposit and  residential and commercial
liens as collateral for such  commitments  which are  collateralized  similar to
other types of borrowings.

BankAtlantic is required to maintain  reserve  balances with the Federal Reserve
Bank.  Such  reserves  consisted  of cash and  amounts  due from  banks of $43.7
million and $40.6 million at December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

As a member of the FHLB  system,  BankAtlantic  is required to purchase and hold
stock in the FHLB of  Atlanta.  As of  December  31,  2001  BankAtlantic  was in
compliance  with this  requirement,  with an investment of  approximately  $56.4
million in stock of the FHLB of Atlanta.

Levitt  Companies is subject to the usual  obligations  associated with entering
into  contracts  for the  purchase,  development  and sale of real estate in the
routine conduct of its business.  Levitt Companies provides home purchasers with
warranties against certain defects for a period of up to two years from the date
of purchase.  Levitt  Companies  provides for estimated  warranty costs when the
home is sold  and  continuously  monitors  its  warranty  exposure  and  service
program.

Core Communities  entered into a connection fee Guarantee Agreement with the St.
Lucie West Services District  ("District").  The agreement provides the District
with assurance that sufficient  water and sewer  connection fees will be prepaid
by  Core  Communities  to  service  outstanding  bonds  of  the  District.  Core
Communities  has no  underlying  guarantee  obligation  in  connection  with the
District Bonds.

Upon the  acquisition  of Ryan Beck,  the Company became subject to the risks of
investment  banking.   Ryan  Beck's  customers'   securities   transactions  are
introduced  on a fully  disclosed  basis to its  clearing  broker.  The clearing
broker  carries  all of the  accounts  of the  customers  of  Ryan  Beck  and is
responsible for execution,  collection of and payment of funds and,  receipt and
delivery of securities relative to customer transactions.  Customers' securities
activities are  transacted on a cash and margin basis.  These  transactions  may
expose Ryan Beck to  off-balance-sheet  risk,  wherein the  clearing  broker may
charge  Ryan Beck for any  losses it incurs in the event that  customers  may be
unable to fulfill their contractual  commitments and margin requirements are not
sufficient to fully cover losses.  Ryan Beck seeks to minimize this risk through
procedures  designed to monitor the  creditworthiness  of its customers and that
customer  transactions are executed  properly by the clearing broker.  Ryan Beck
does not utilize  futures as a hedge against  interest rate risk for its trading
inventory or use derivatives in its trading activities.

16. Regulatory Matters

BFC Financial  Corporation is a unitary  savings bank holding  company that owns
approximately 16% and 100%,  respectively of the outstanding Bancorp Class A and
Class B Common Stock, in the aggregate  representing  23% of all the outstanding
Bancorp Common Stock.  Bancorp is the holding company for  BankAtlantic  Bank by
virtue of its ownership of 100% of the  outstanding  BankAtlantic  common stock.
BFC is subject to regulatory  oversight and  examination by the OTS as discussed
herein  with  respect to  Bancorp.  Bancorp is a unitary  savings  bank  holding
company subject to regulatory  oversight and  examination by the OTS,  including
normal  supervision  and reporting  requirements.  The Company is subject to the
reporting and other requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

BankAtlantic's  deposits  are  insured by the FDIC for up to  $100,000  for each
insured  account  holder,  the  maximum  amount  currently   permitted  by  law.
BankAtlantic is subject to various regulatory capital requirements  administered
by the federal banking  agencies.  Failure to meet minimum capital  requirements
can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional  discretionary actions by
regulators  that,  if  undertaken,  could  have  a  direct  material  effect  on
BankAtlantic's financial statements.  BankAtlantic's ability to pay dividends to
Bancorp is subject to regulatory  approvals.  Current regulations  applicable to
the payment of cash dividends by savings  institutions  impose limits on capital
distributions  based on an institution's  regulatory capital levels. At December
31, 2001,  BankAtlantic  met all capital  adequacy  requirements  to which it is
subject and was considered a well capitalized institution.

The  OTS  imposes  limits  applicable  to  the  payment  of  cash  dividends  by
BankAtlantic to Bancorp.  BankAtlantic is permitted to pay capital distributions
during a  calendar  year that do not exceed its net income


                                      104
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


for the year plus its  retained  net  income  for the prior two  years,  without
notice to, or the  approval  of, the OTS.  At  December  31,  2001 this  capital
distribution limitation was $46.2 million.

Certain covenants  contained in Levitt Companies loan agreement prohibit it from
paying dividends to Bancorp.  Ryan Beck has not paid dividends to Bancorp and it
is not anticipated that Ryan Beck will pay dividends to Bancorp during 2002.

BankAtlantic's actual capital amounts and ratios are presented in the table:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   For Capital                To Be Considered
                                      Actual                    Adequacy Purposes             Well Capitalized
                            ---------------------------    ---------------------------   ---------------------------
                               Amount         Ratio           Amount         Ratio          Amount         Ratio
                            ------------   ------------    ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                         <C>                   <C>      <C>  <C>               <C>    <C>                   <C>
(Dollars in Thousands)
As of December 31, 2001:
Total risk-based capital    $    383,295          12.90%   $>/= 237,648       >/= 8.00%  $    297,060       >/=10.00%
Tier I risk-based capital   $    346,057          11.65%   $>/= 118,824       >/= 4.00%  $    178,236       >/= 6.00%
Tangible capital            $    346,057           8.02%   $>/=  64,707       >/= 1.50%  $     64,707       >/= 1.50%
Core capital                $    346,057           8.02%   $>/= 172,551       >/= 4.00%  $    215,689       >/= 5.00%
As of December 31, 2000:
Total risk-based capital    $    328,973          11.00%   $>/= 239,356       >/= 8.00%  $    299,194       >/=10.00%
Tier I risk-based capital   $    291,544           9.74%   $>/= 119,678       >/= 4.00%  $    179,517       >/= 6.00%
Tangible capital            $    291,544           6.66%   $>/=  65,653       >/= 1.50%  $     65,653       >/= 1.50%
Core capital                $    291,544           6.66%   $>/= 175,077       >/= 4.00%  $    218,846       >/= 5.00%
</TABLE>

Bancorp's  wholly  owned  subsidiary,  Ryan Beck is subject  to the net  capital
provision  of Rule  15c3-1  under  the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934  which
requires that Ryan Beck's aggregate  indebtedness  shall not exceed 15 times net
capital as defined under such  provision.  Additionally,  Ryan Beck, as a market
maker,  is  subject  to  supplemental  requirements  of Rule  15c3-1(a)4,  which
provides for the  computation of net capital to be based on the number and price
of issues in which markets are made by Ryan Beck, not to exceed  $1,000,000.  At
December 31, 2001,  Ryan Beck's  regulatory net capital was  approximately  $6.2
million, which exceeded minimum net capital rule requirements by $5.2 million.

Ryan Beck operates under the  provisions of paragraph  (K)(2)(ii) of Rule 15c3-3
of the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission  as a  fully-disclosed  broker and,
accordingly,  customer accounts are carried on the books of the clearing broker.
However,  Ryan Beck safekeeps and redeems municipal bond coupons for the benefit
of its  customers.  Accordingly,  Ryan Beck is subject to the  provisions of SEC
Rule 15c3-3 relating to possession or control and customer reserve  requirements
and was in compliance with such provisions at December 31, 2001.

17. Litigation

The Company and its  subsidiaries  may be parties to other lawsuits as plaintiff
or defendant  involving its  securities  sales and  underwriting,  lending,  tax
certificates  and real  estate  development  activities.  Although  the  Company
believes it has meritorious  defenses in all current legal actions,  the outcome
of the various legal actions is uncertain. Management, based on discussions with
legal counsel,  believes results of operations or financial position will not be
significantly  impacted  by the  resolution  of  these  matters.  None  of  this
litigation is other than in the ordinary course of business.


                                      105
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. Parent Company Financial Information

Condensed  Statements  of  Financial  Condition  at December  31, 2001 and 2000,
Condensed  Statements of Operations  and Condensed  Statements of Cash Flows for
each of the years in the three year  period  ended  December  31, 2001 are shown
below:

                   Condensed Statements of Financial Condition
                           December 31, 2001 and 2000
                        (in thousands except share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        December 31,
                                                                    -------------------
                               Assets                                 2001       2000
                               ------                               --------   --------
<S>                                                                 <C>        <C>
Cash and cash equivalents                                           $  2,706   $    172
Securities available for sale, at market value                           859        827
Investment in venture partnerships                                     4,691      8,483
Investment in BankAtlantic Bancorp, Inc.  ("Bancorp")                 98,815     89,603
Investment in other subsidiaries                                      13,887     13,380
Loans receivable                                                       1,184         --
Other assets                                                             831      6,369
                                                                    --------   --------
   Total assets                                                     $122,973   $118,834
                                                                    ========   ========

<CAPTION>
                      Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
                      ------------------------------------

<S>                                                                 <C>        <C>
Borrowings                                                          $  4,515   $  4,080
Other liabilities                                                     22,491     20,511
Deferred income taxes                                                 21,795     21,628
                                                                    --------   --------
    Total liabilities                                                 48,801     46,219
                                                                    --------   --------
Stockholders' equity:
 Preferred stock of $.01 par value; authorized
  10,000,000 shares; none issued                                          --         --
Class A common stock of $.01 par value, authorized 20,000,000
shares;
  issued and outstanding 6,461,994 in 2001 and 6,454,494 in 2000          58         58
Class B common stock, of $.01 par value; authorized 20,000,000
shares;
  issued and outstanding 2,366,157 in 2001 and 2,354,907 in 2000          21         21
Additional paid-in capital                                            24,206     25,788
Retained earnings                                                     47,195     41,721
                                                                    --------   --------
 Total stockholders' equity before
  accumulated other comprehensive income                              71,480     67,588
Accumulated other comprehensive income                                 2,692      5,027
                                                                    --------   --------
 Total stockholders' equity                                           74,172     72,615
                                                                    --------   --------
     Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                     $122,973   $118,834
                                                                    ========   ========
</TABLE>

                       Condensed Statements of Operations
     For Each of the Years in the Three Year Period Ended December 31, 2001
                                 (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             2001        2000        1999
                                                           --------    --------    --------
<S>                                                        <C>         <C>         <C>
Revenue - interest and other                               $  1,010    $    479    $  1,423
Expenses - interest and other                                 4,022       4,541       2,958
                                                           --------    --------    --------
(Loss) before undistributed earnings from subsidiaries       (3,012)     (4,062)     (1,535)
Equity in income from Bancorp                                10,551       8,264      10,501
Equity in income from other subsidiaries                        595       1,188       2,468
                                                           --------    --------    --------
 Income before income taxes and extraordinary items           8,134       5,390      11,434
Provision for income taxes                                    2,660       1,755       4,183
                                                           --------    --------    --------
Income  from continuing operations                            5,474       3,635       7,251
Extraordinary items, net of income taxes of $110 in 1999         --          --         175
                                                           --------    --------    --------
Net income                                                 $  5,474    $  3,635    $  7,426
                                                           ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>


                                      106
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                       Condensed Statements of Cash Flows
     For Each of the Years in the Three Year Period Ended December 31, 2001
                                 (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             2001        2000        1999
                                                           --------    --------    --------
<S>                                                        <C>         <C>         <C>
Operating Activities:
Income from continuing operations                          $  5,474    $  3,635    $  7,251
Income from extraordinary items                                  --          --         175
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net
  cash  provided by (used in) operating activities:
Equity in earnings  of Bancorp                              (10,551)     (8,264)    (10,501)
Equity in earnings  of other subsidiaries                      (595)     (1,188)     (2,468)
Depreciation, amortization and accretion, net                    25           5          17
Provision for deferred income taxes                           2,660       1,745       4,103
Loss on investment securities                                   920       1,776          --
Increase in deferred interest on subordinated debentures         --          --         403
Proceeds from escrow for called debenture liability              --       2,455          --
Advances (to) from other subsidiaries                         1,538       4,837      (5,405)
Increase in loans receivable                                 (1,184)         --          --
Decrease (increase) in other assets                           1,671        (529)       (330)
Increase (decrease) in other liabilities                        719        (144)        152
                                                           --------    --------    --------
Net cash  provided by (used in) operating activities            677       4,328      (6,603)
                                                           --------    --------    --------
Investing Activities:
Common stock dividends received from Bancorp                  1,468       1,288       1,236
(Increase) decrease in securities available for sale           (100)     (2,637)        343
                                                           --------    --------    --------
 Net cash provided  by (used in) investing activities         1,368      (1,349)      1,579
                                                           --------    --------    --------
Financing Activities:
Borrowings                                                    4,515          --       8,079
Repayment of borrowings                                      (4,080)     (4,000)     (4,074)
Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock option           54          --          --
                                                           --------    --------    --------
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities             489      (4,000)      4,005
                                                           --------    --------    --------
Increase (decrease) in cash  and cash equivalents             2,534      (1,021)     (1,019)
Cash  at beginning of period                                    172       1,193       2,212
                                                           --------    --------    --------
Cash at end of period                                      $  2,706    $    172    $  1,193
                                                           ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>


                                      107
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19. Selected Quarterly Results (Unaudited)

The following tables summarize the quarterly results of operations for the years
ended December 31, 2001 and 2000 (in thousands except for per share data):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        First      Second       Third       Fourth
                     2001                              Quarter     Quarter     Quarter      Quarter      Total
<S>                                                   <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>
Interest income                                       $  86,349   $  83,761   $  83,186    $  72,705   $ 326,001
Interest expense                                         54,274      50,341      45,829       38,394     188,838
                                                      ---------   ---------   ---------    ---------   ---------
Net interest income                                      32,075      33,420      37,357       34,311     137,163
Provision for loan losses                                 2,761       4,040       7,258        2,846      16,905
                                                      ---------   ---------   ---------    ---------   ---------
Net interest income after provision for loan losses      29,314      29,380      30,099       31,465     120,258
                                                      ---------   ---------   ---------    ---------   ---------
Income before income taxes and minority interest         11,695      11,641       9,972       15,056      48,364
Provision for income taxes                                5,509       5,273       7,468        7,146      25,396
Minority interest in income
  of consolidated subsidiaries                            4,969       4,983       1,618        6,809      18,379
                                                      ---------   ---------   ---------    ---------   ---------
Income from continuing operations                         1,217       1,385         886        1,101       4,589
Extraordinary loss, net of taxes                             --          --        (253)          --        (253)
Cumulative effect of a change in accounting
  principle, net of tax                                   1,138          --          --           --       1,138
                                                      ---------   ---------   ---------    ---------   ---------
Net income                                            $   2,355   $   1,385   $     633    $   1,101   $   5,474
                                                      =========   =========   =========    =========   =========
Basic earnings  per share from
  continuing operations                               $    0.15   $    0.17   $    0.11    $    0.14   $    0.58
Basic loss per share from extraordinary items                --          --       (0.03)          --       (0.03)
Basic earnings per share from cumulative effect
  of a change in accounting principle                      0.14          --          --           --        0.14
                                                      ---------   ---------   ---------    ---------   ---------
Basic earnings  per share                             $    0.29   $    0.17   $    0.08    $    0.14   $    0.69
                                                      =========   =========   =========    =========   =========

Diluted earnings per share from
  continuing operations                               $    0.14        0.16        0.10         0.12        0.52
Diluted loss per share from extraordinary items              --          --       (0.03)          --       (0.03)
Diluted earnings per share from cumulative
  effect of a change in accounting principle               0.13          --          --           --        0.13
                                                      ---------   ---------   ---------    ---------   ---------
Diluted earnings  per share                           $    0.27   $    0.16   $    0.07    $    0.12   $    0.62
                                                      =========   =========   =========    =========   =========

Basic weighted average number of common
   shares outstanding                                     7,957       7,957       7,957        7,957       7,957
                                                      =========   =========   =========    =========   =========
Diluted weighted average number of common
  shares outstanding                                      8,552       8,722       8,938        8,857       8,773
                                                      =========   =========   =========    =========   =========
</TABLE>

Included  in net  income  during the third  quarter  of 2001 was a $6.6  million
impairment of goodwill  relating to Bancorp's  leasing  subsidiary.  Included in
interest income during the third quarter was $2.8 million of discount  accretion
from the  repayment of a commercial  real estate loan.  The  improvement  in net
income during the fourth  quarter  reflects a  significant  decline in Bancorp's
provision for loan losses,  increased  earnings from real estate  operations and
improvements in the net interest  margin.  The above  improvements in net income
during the fourth  quarter were  partially  offset by a $2.6 million  litigation
accrual associated with Levitt Companies.


                                      108
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      First       Second       Third       Fourth
                      2000                           Quarter      Quarter     Quarter      Quarter       Total
<S>                                                 <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>
Interest income                                     $  77,883    $  80,442   $  85,334    $  85,237    $ 328,896
Interest expense                                       47,596       50,783      56,053       56,974      211,406
                                                    ---------    ---------   ---------    ---------    ---------
Net interest income                                    30,287       29,659      29,281       28,263      117,490
Provision for loan losses                              10,787        4,533       6,696        7,116       29,132
                                                    ---------    ---------   ---------    ---------    ---------
Net interest income after provision for loan           19,500       25,126      22,585       21,147       88,358
losses
                                                    ---------    ---------   ---------    ---------    ---------
Income before income taxes, minority interest
  discontinued operations and extraordinary items       6,307        7,695       3,005        6,028       23,035
Provision for income taxes                              3,430        2,998       2,107        4,827       13,362
Minority interest in income
  of consolidated subsidiaries                          4,759        3,590       3,637        2,669       14,655
                                                    ---------    ---------   ---------    ---------    ---------
(Loss) income from continuing operations               (1,882)       1,107      (2,739)      (1,468)      (4,982)
Income from discontinued operations                        --          259         165          245          669
Extraordinary item, net of taxes                        3,466            0       3,966          516        7,948
                                                    ---------    ---------   ---------    ---------    ---------
Net income (loss)                                   $   1,584    $   1,366   $   1,392    $    (707)   $   3,635
                                                    =========    =========   =========    =========    =========
Basic (loss) earnings  per share from
  continuing operations                             $   (0.24)   $    0.14   $   (0.34)   $   (0.18)   $   (0.63)
Basic earnings  per share from                             --
 discontinued operations                                   --         0.03        0.02         0.03         0.09
Basic earnings per share from extraordinary items        0.44           --        0.50         0.06         1.00
                                                    ---------    ---------   ---------    ---------    ---------
Basic earnings  (loss) per share                    $    0.20    $    0.17   $    0.18    $   (0.09)   $    0.46
                                                    =========    =========   =========    =========    =========

Diluted (loss) earnings  per share from
  continuing operations                             $   (0.22)        0.13       (0.32)       (0.17)       (0.58)
Diluted earnings  per share from
 discontinued operations                                   --         0.03        0.02         0.03         0.08
Diluted earnings per share from extraordinary
items                                                    0.41           --        0.46         0.06         0.93
                                                    ---------    ---------   ---------    ---------    ---------
Diluted earnings  (loss) per share                  $    0.19    $    0.16   $    0.16    $   (0.08)   $    0.43
                                                    =========    =========   =========    =========    =========

Basic weighted average number of common
   shares outstanding                                   7,957        7,957       7,957        7,957        7,957
                                                    =========    =========   =========    =========    =========
Diluted weighted average number of common
  shares outstanding                                    8,525        8,506       8,492        8,516        8,521
                                                    =========    =========   =========    =========    =========
</TABLE>

In August 2000,  BankAtlantic  Bancorp,  Inc.  shareholders approved a corporate
transaction in which each share of Bancorp's  Class B Common Stock was converted
into  .0000002051 of a share of Bancorp's  Class B Common Stock as the surviving
corporation in the transaction  which was structured as a merger.  No fractional
shares were issued. The corporate  transaction resulted in the retirement of all
publicly held Bancorp Class B Common Stock, leaving BFC Financial Corporation as
the sole holder of  Bancorp's  Class B Common  Stock.  The Class B Common  Stock
represented  100% of the voting rights of Bancorp at that time. Since that time,
BFC has  controlled  greater  than 50% of the vote of  Bancorp  and  Bancorp  is
consolidated in the financial statements of BFC instead of carried on the equity
basis.

Income  from  continuing  operations  during  the first  quarter  was  adversely
affected by increased  provision for loan losses  resulting from historical loss
experiences  in  small  business  and  consumer  loan  portfolios.  Income  from
continuing  operations  during the third quarter was affected by losses relating
to Ryan Beck operations and compensation  expense  recognized in connection with
the corporate transaction.


                                      109
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20. Estimated Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The information set forth below provides  disclosure of the estimated fair value
of  the  Company's  financial  instruments  presented  in  accordance  with  the
requirements   of  Statement  of  Financial   Accounting   Standards   No.  107,
"Disclosures  about Fair Value of Financial  Instruments"  ("FAS 107") issued by
the FASB.

Management  has made  estimates of fair value that it believes to be reasonable.
However,  because  there is no market for many of these  financial  instruments,
management has no basis to determine  whether the fair value  presented would be
indicative of the value  negotiated in an actual sale. The fair value  estimates
do not consider the tax effect that would be associated  with the disposition of
the assets or liabilities at their fair value estimates.

Fair  values  are  estimated  for  loan   portfolios   with  similar   financial
characteristics.  Loans are  segregated  by category,  and each loan category is
further  segmented  into  fixed  and  adjustable  rate  interest  terms  and  by
performing and non-performing categories.

The fair value of performing loans,  except residential  mortgage and adjustable
rate loans,  is  calculated  by  discounting  scheduled  cash flows  through the
estimated maturity using estimated market discount rates that reflect the credit
and interest rate risk inherent in the loan. The estimate of average maturity is
based on  BankAtlantic's  historical  experience with  prepayments for each loan
classification,  modified,  as required, by an estimate of the effect of current
economic and lending conditions. For performing residential mortgage loans, fair
value is estimated by discounting  contractual  cash flows adjusted for national
historical  prepayment  estimates using discount rates based on secondary market
sources  adjusted to reflect  differences  in servicing  and credit  costs.  For
adjustable rate loans, the fair value is estimated at book value after adjusting
for credit risk  inherent in the loan.  Interest rate risk for  adjustable  rate
loans  is  considered   insignificant   since  the  majority  of  BankAtlantic's
adjustable  rate loans are based on prime  rates or one year  Constant  Maturity
Treasuries  ("CMT")  rates and adjust  monthly or  generally  not  greater  than
annually.

Fair values of  non-performing  loans are based on the assumption that the loans
are on a non-interest  received  status,  discounted at market rates during a 24
month work-out  period.  Assumptions  regarding credit risk are determined using
available market information and specific borrower information.

The book value of tax  certificates  approximates  market  value.  Fair value of
mortgage-backed  and  investment  securities  is  estimated  on a  price  matrix
obtained from a third party.

Under FAS 107,  the fair  value of  deposits  with no stated  maturity,  such as
non-interest bearing demand deposits, savings and NOW accounts, and money market
and checking  accounts,  should be considered  the same as book value.  The fair
value of certificates of deposit is based on the discounted value of contractual
cash flows.  The  discount  rate is estimated  using  current  rates  offered by
BankAtlantic for similar remaining maturities.

The book value of securities  sold under  agreements to repurchase  approximates
fair value.

The fair value of  advances  from FHLB is based on  discounted  cash flows using
rates  offered  for debt with  comparable  terms to maturity  and issuer  credit
standing.


                                      110
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The fair value of convertible  subordinated  debentures and guaranteed preferred
beneficial  interests in Bancorp's junior  subordinated  debentures was based on
quoted  market  prices  on  NASDAQ.   The  fair  values  of  other  subordinated
debentures,  notes payable and brokerage margin account were based on discounted
value of contractual cash flows at a market discount rate.

The following table presents information for the Company's financial instruments
at December 31, 2001 and 2000 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  December 31, 2001         December 31, 2000
                                                               -----------------------   -----------------------
                                                                Carrying       Fair       Carrying       Fair
                                                                 Amount       Value        Amount       Value
                                                               ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
<S>                                                            <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Financial assets:
  Cash and other short term investments                        $  124,539   $  124,539   $   88,609   $   88,609
  Securities available for sale                                   859,483      859,483      887,946      887,946
  Trading securities                                               68,296       68,296       43,557       43,557
  Investment securities                                           428,718      434,470      383,619      387,971
  Loans receivable including loans held for sale, net           2,776,624    2,823,933    2,855,015    2,885,021
Financial liabilities:
  Deposits                                                     $2,276,567   $2,287,898   $2,234,485   $2,185,471
  Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and federal
    funds purchased                                               467,070      467,070      669,202      669,202
  Advances from FHLB                                            1,106,030    1,126,479    1,038,801    1,035,334
  Subordinated debentures and notes payable                       145,484      142,935      238,330      215,680
  Guaranteed preferred beneficial interests in Bancorp's
    junior subordinated debentures                                 74,750       73,405       74,750       54,194
</TABLE>

The contract  amount and related fees of  BankAtlantic's  commitments  to extend
credit,  standby  letters of  credit,  financial  guarantees  and  forward  FHLB
commitments are not  significant.  (see Note 15 for the  contractual  amounts of
BankAtlantic's financial instrument commitments)

Derivatives

The primary  derivatives  utilized by Bancorp during the year ended December 31,
2001  were  interest  rate  swaps  and  forward  contracts.  Interest  rate swap
agreements  are  contracts  between  two  entities  that  typically  involve the
exchange of cash flows based on agreed-upon prices, rates and indices. Financial
forward contracts are agreements to buy financial instruments at a predetermined
future date and price.

Bancorp uses  interest  rate swap  contracts  to manage its interest  rate risk.
During the year ended  December 31, 2001,  Bancorp  created fair value hedges by
entering into various  interest rate swap contracts to convert  designated fixed
rate time deposits to a three-month  LIBOR  interest  rate.  Bancorp funds LIBOR
based assets such as commercial real estate loans with fixed rate time deposits.
In issuing time deposits Bancorp is exposed to changes in interest rates,  which
could  adversely  affect  the fair value of the time  deposits  if rates were to
decline.  To reduce this  exposure  Bancorp  originated  interest  rate swaps to
convert fixed rate time deposits to a LIBOR floating  rate. The hedged  deposits
and swap  contracts  were  recorded  at fair value as an  adjustment  to deposit
interest  expense and receivables and payables from the swap contracts were also
recorded as an  adjustment  to deposit  expense in the  Company's  Statement  of
Operations for the year ended December 31, 2001.

Additionally,  Bancorp also created cash flow hedges by entering  into  interest
rate swap  contracts to hedge the  variable  cash flows  relating to  forecasted
interest  payments  on  certain  variable  rate FHLB  advances.  Bancorp's  risk
management strategy was to fix the variability of cash outflows on floating rate
advances at a rate of 5.09%. The changes in fair value of the interest rate swap
contracts  designated as cash flow hedges were  recorded in other  comprehensive
income and the receivables and payables from the swap contracts were recorded as
an adjustment to interest expense on FHLB advances in the Company's Statement of
Operations for the year ended December 31, 2001.


                                      111
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The  following  table  outlines the notional  amount and fair value of Bancorp's
interest rate swaps outstanding at December 31, 2001: (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         Paying       Receiving
                                             Notional                  Index/Fixed   Index/Fixed  Termination
                                              Amount     Fair Value      Amount        Amount         Date
                                            ----------   ----------    -----------   -----------  -----------
<S>                                         <C>          <C>           <C>              <C>        <C>
Fifteen year callable receive fixed swaps   $   10,000   $      284    3 mo. LIBOR      6.15%      11/13/2016
Ten year callable receive fixed swaps       $   30,000   $    1,042    3 mo. LIBOR      6.03%      12/17/2011
Five year pay fixed swaps                   $   25,000   $     (909)      5.73%      3 mo. LIBOR    1/05/2006
Three year pay fixed swaps                  $   50,000   $   (2,245)      5.82%      3 mo. LIBOR   12/28/2003
</TABLE>

The  method  used to  estimate  the fair  value of the  interest  rate swaps was
discounted  cash  flows of the net  change  between  the  paying  index  and the
receiving index.

During the year ended December 31, 2000, Bancorp entered into a forward contract
to  purchase  the  underlying  collateral  from  a  government  agency  pool  of
securities in May 2005. The underlying collateral is five year hybrid adjustable
rate  mortgage  loans that will  adjust  annually  after May 2005.  The  forward
contract was held for trading  purposes and recorded at fair value.  Included in
gains on trading  securities and securities  available for sale in the Statement
of Operations were $108,000 and $316,000 of unrealized gains associated with the
above  forward  contract  during  the year  ended  December  31 2001  and  2000,
respectively.

21. Acquisitions

In June 2001, 2000 and 1999, pursuant to the February 1998 acquisition agreement
under which Ryan Beck  acquired  Cumberland  Advisors,  Bancorp  issued  43,991,
55,239  and  40,968  shares of Class A Common  Stock and made a cash  payment of
$340,000, $210,000 and $266,000, respectively, to the former Cumberland Advisors
partners.  Such additional  consideration was paid under earn-out  provisions in
accordance with the  acquisition  agreement and was recorded as an adjustment to
the purchase price of Cumberland  Advisors.  Bancorp Class A Common Stock issued
under this agreement is subject to  restrictions  prohibiting  transfers for two
years.

Effective March 1, 1998,  Bancorp acquired Leasing  Technology Inc.  ("LTI"),  a
company engaged in the equipment leasing and finance  business,  in exchange for
826,175  shares of Bancorp Class A Common Stock and $300,000 in cash in a merger
accounted for under the purchase  method of  accounting.  Bancorp was amortizing
$7.9 million of goodwill from the  transaction  over 25 years on a straight line
basis. During the third quarter of 2001, after an extensive review by Bancorp of
LTI's operations,  Bancorp's  management  concluded that LTI will not be able to
meet  performance  expectations  and its products did not  complement  Bancorp's
product mix. As a consequence,  Bancorp closed the offices of LTI and ceased new
lease originations. Bancorp determined that the goodwill associated with the LTI
acquisition was impaired resulting in the write-off of the remaining unamortized
LTI goodwill of $6.6 million.

22. Real Estate Held for Development and Sale and Joint Ventures

Real estate held for  development  and sale and joint ventures  consisted of the
following (in thousands):

                                                   December 31,
                                           -----------------------------
                                               2001            2000
                                           -------------   -------------
Land and land development costs            $     114,499   $      87,989
Construction costs                                17,949          15,254
Other costs                                        9,985           4,775
Equity investments in Joint Ventures               7,127           7,559
Loans to joint ventures                           28,713          29,125
Other                                              4,890           8,678
                                           -------------   -------------
  Total                                    $     183,163   $     153,380
                                           =============   =============

Bancorp had  commitments to loan an additional $5.0 million to joint ventures at
December 31, 2001.

Levitt  Companies  invests in various  real estate joint  ventures.  These joint
ventures are in various stages of development and required equity investments by
Levitt  Companies  at the  inception  of the project of 44.5% - 90% of the total
venture equity


                                      112
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


with profit  sharing of 40% - 50% in future years.  Certain of the joint venture
partners  have not made  substantive  equity  investments  in the  partnerships.
Additionally,  some of the joint ventures have financed  their projects  through
BankAtlantic.  BankAtlantic's  loans to joint ventures have resulted in deferral
of the  recognition  of interest  income on the  financing  activity  and/or the
deferral of profit  recognition from the joint venture.  The less than 50% owned
joint  ventures are  accounted  for under the equity  method of  accounting  and
primarily develop residential and multifamily properties.

The  components of gains on sales of real estate held for  development  and sale
were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                 -------------------------------------------------
(In thousands)                                         2001               2000            1999
                                                 ----------------   ----------------   -----------
<S>                                              <C>                <C>                <C>
Sales of real estate                             $        144,677   $        107,393   $     3,488
Cost of sales on real estate                              109,637             83,809         2,097
                                                 ----------------   ----------------   -----------
  Gains on sales of real estate                            35,040             23,584         1,391
Equity in joint venture earnings                            2,888              1,141            --
                                                 ----------------   ----------------   -----------
Gains on sales of real estate held for sale
  and joint venture activities                   $         37,928   $         24,725   $     1,391
                                                 ================   ================   ===========
</TABLE>

The  Condensed  Statements of Financial  Condition  and Condensed  Statements of
Operations  for joint ventures is as follows for December 31, 2001 and 2000: (In
thousands) (unaudited)

                                                       2001     2000
                                                     -------   -------
Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31
Real estate assets                                   $48,234   $50,455
Other assets                                          10,158     9,460
                                                     -------   -------
   Total Assets                                      $58,392   $59,915
                                                     =======   =======

Notes payable - BankAtlantic                         $28,832   $27,743
Other notes payable                                    3,445     5,605
Other liabilities                                     11,665    11,444
                                                     -------   -------
   Total Liabilities                                  43,942    44,792

Partners' capital                                     14,450    15,123
                                                     -------   -------
Total Liabilities and Equity                         $58,392   $59,915
                                                     =======   =======

                                               For the Year Ended
                                                  December 31,
                                               ------------------
                                                2001       2000
                                               -------   -------
Statement of Operations
Revenues                                       $79,655   $74,487
Selling, general and administrative expenses    74,617    68,055
                                               -------   -------
Net income                                     $ 5,038   $ 6,432
                                               =======   =======

23. Related Party Transactions

Alan B. Levan, President and Chairman of the Board of the Company also serves as
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Bancorp and BankAtlantic.

John E. Abdo,  Vice  Chairman  of the Board of the  Company  also serves as Vice
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Bancorp and BankAtlantic and is a director
and President of Levitt Companies, a wholly owned subsidiary of Bancorp.

Glen R.  Gilbert,  Executive  Vice  President  of the  Company  also  serves  as
Executive Vice President of Levitt Companies.

Alan B. Levan and John E. Abdo have  investments  or are partners in real estate
joint ventures with  developers,  that in connection with other  ventures,  have
loans from  BankAtlantic  or are partners with Levitt  Companies.  Additionally,
Levitt


                                      113
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Companies  paid the Abdo  Companies,  Inc.,  which is  controlled  by Mr.  Abdo,
$291,246  for the year ended  December  31, 2001 for  services  and  management,
including activities relating to BankAtlantic, Bancorp, Core Communities, Levitt
and Sons, and the Levitt  Companies  joint ventures.  Levitt  Companies paid the
Company  $80,000  for the  year  ended  December  31,  2001 for  management  and
accounting services provided to Levitt Companies.

The Company paid BankAtlantic approximately $67,000 during 2001 for office space
used  by the  Company  in  BankAtlantic's  headquarters  and  for  miscellaneous
administrative and other related expenses.

In 1994, the Company agreed to participate in certain real estate  opportunities
with John E. Abdo and certain of his affiliates  (the "Abdo  Group").  Under the
arrangement,  the  Company  and the Abdo Group  share  equally in profits  after
interest  earned by the Company on  advances  made by the  Company.  The Company
bears any risk of loss under the  arrangement  with the Abdo Group.  Pursuant to
this arrangement with the Abdo Group, in December 1994, an entity  controlled by
the Company  acquired  from an  unaffiliated  seller  approximately  70 acres of
unimproved  land known as the "Center Port" property in Pompano Beach,  Florida.
Through  December 31, 2001,  all of the project  except for land under two pylon
signs,  a cell  tower  site and the lake had  been  sold to  unaffiliated  third
parties for  approximately  $21.4 million and the Company  recognized  net gains
from the sales of real  estate of  approximately  $4.8  million.  The Abdo Group
received  approximately  $2.6  million in 2000 from the  Company  for their real
estate sales profit participation.

During 1999 and 2000, the Company (without  consideration  of Bancorp)  acquired
interests  in  unaffiliated  technology  entities.  During  2000 and  2001,  the
Company's interests in the technology entities were transferred at the Company's
cost to specified  asset limited  partnerships.  Subsidiaries of the Company are
the controlling general partners of these venture partnerships,  therefore, they
are consolidated in these financial  statements.  Interests in such partnerships
were sold in 2000 and 2001 to accredited investors in private offerings.  During
2000,  approximately  $5.1 million of capital was raised from unaffiliated third
parties by these  partnerships  and officers,  directors  and  affiliates of the
Company invested approximately $4.4 million in the Partnership.  The Company and
the general partners retained ownership interests of approximately $1.8 million.
Additionally,  during  2001,  approximately  $895,000 of capital was raised from
unaffiliated  third parties by these  partnerships  and officers,  directors and
affiliates  of  the  Company   invested   approximately   $1.3  million  in  the
partnerships.  The Company and the general partners retained ownership interests
of approximately $3.8 million increasing the Company's total investment in these
partnerships to $5.6 million. Of the $1.3 million, Alan Levan and Jack Abdo each
borrowed  $500,000  from the  Company  on a  recourse  basis  and Glen  Gilbert,
Executive  Vice  President,  and Earl  Pertnoy,  a director of the Company  each
borrowed $50,000 on a non-recourse basis to make their investments. Such amounts
were still  outstanding at the end of the year,  bear interest at the prime rate
plus 1% and are payable  interest only  annually with the entire  balance due in
February 2006.  After the limited  partners  receive a specified return from the
partnerships,  the  general  partners  are  entitled  to receive 20% of all cash
distributions from the partnerships.  The general partners are limited liability
companies  of which the  members  are:  John E. Abdo - 13.75%;  Alan B.  Levan -
9.25%;  Glen R.  Gilbert - 2.0%;  John E.  Abdo,  Jr. - 17.5% and BFC  Financial
Corporation  - 57.5%.  Losses  net of  minority  interests  for the  year  ended
December  31, 2001 were  $881,000.  At December  31,  2001,  the  Company's  net
investment in these partnerships was $4.7 million.

During 1999,  BFC Financial  Corporation  entered into an agreement with John E.
Abdo,  Jr.,  son of John E. Abdo,  a Director  and Vice  Chairman  of the Board.
Pursuant to the  agreement,  the Company will pay to John E. Abdo, Jr. an amount
equal  to 1% of the  amount  of the  Company's  investment  in  venture  capital
investments  identified  by him for the  Company  and  will  grant  him a profit
participation  of 3 1/2% of the net profit  realized by the Company  through his
interest in the  general  partner of the  technology  venture  partnership  that
receives  the  identified  investment.  Additionally,  the  Company  pays him an
expense allowance of $300 per month. During 2001, the Company paid John E. Abdo,
Jr. expense allowances of $3,600 pursuant to the agreement.

One of the technology limited partnerships and Bancorp are investors in Seisint,
Inc.,  a  privately  held  technology  company  located in Boca  Raton,  Florida
("Seisint").  Seisint owns 748,000 shares of Bancorp's Class A Common Stock. The
technology limited partnership has a $2 million investment in 219,300 shares and
Bancorp has a $15 million investment in 3,033,386 shares of Seisint Common Stock
included in  investment  securities  in the  Company's  Statement  of  Financial
Condition.  Both Alan B. Levan and John E. Abdo were  directors  of Seisint  and
each own direct and indirect  interests  in an  aggregate  of 216,517  shares of
Seisint  Common Stock.  The shares owned by the Bancorp,  Mr. Levan and Mr. Abdo
were  acquired in October 1999 at a price of $4.95.  The shares  acquired by the
technology  limited  partnership  were  acquired  in October  2000 at a price of
$9.12.  At December  31,  2001,  the carrying  value of this  investment  by the
technology limited partnership had been written down to $4.95 per share. Bancorp
and its affiliates  collectively own  approximately 7% of Seisint's  outstanding
Common Stock.  During 2001, Mr. Levan and Mr. Abdo resigned from Seisint's Board
of Directors and initiated a lawsuit on behalf of the Company and others against
the founder of Seisint personally regarding his role in Seisint.


                                      114
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Seisint is not a party to the  lawsuit.  Seisint  also serves as an  Application
Service Provider  ("ASP") for the Company for one customer  service  information
technology  application.  This ASP  relationship  is in the  ordinary  course of
business,  and fees  aggregating  $169,377 and $368,000 were paid to Seisint for
its services during the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

Certain of the Company's  affiliates,  including its  executive  officers,  have
independently  made  investments with their own funds in both public and private
entities in which the Company holds investments.

The Company has a 49.5%  interest and  affiliates and third parties have a 50.5%
interest  in a  limited  partnership  formed in 1979,  for  which the  Company's
Chairman serves as the individual  General Partner.  The  partnership's  primary
asset is real estate  subject to net lease  agreements.  The Company's  cost for
this  investment,  approximately  $441,000,  was  written off in 1990 due to the
bankruptcy  of the entity  leasing the real  estate.  During  1999,  the Company
received distributions of approximately $588,000 from the partnership due to the
sale of 31 of 34  convenience  stores  that it owned.  During  2001 the  Company
received distributions of approximately $25,000 from the partnership.

Included  in other  assets  at  December  31,  2001  and 2000 was  approximately
$396,000 and $557,000, respectively due from affiliates.

Florida Partners Corporation owns 133,314 shares of the Company's Class B Common
Stock and 366,615  shares of the Company's  Class A Common Stock.  Alan B. Levan
may be deemed to  beneficially  be the principal  shareholder and is a member of
the Board of Florida  Partners  Corporation.  Glen R.  Gilbert,  Executive  Vice
President  and  Secretary  of the Company  holds  similar  positions  at Florida
Partners Corporation.

Related party transactions arise from transactions with affiliated entities.  In
addition to  transactions  described  in notes  elsewhere  herein,  a summary of
originating related party transactions is as follows (in thousands):

                                Year Ended December 31,
                                -----------------------
                                  2001   2000   1999
                                  ----   ----   ----

Property management fee revenue   $  8     14      7
                                  ====   ====   ====

Abdo Companies management fees    $291    475     --
                                  ====   ====   ====

Reimbursement revenue for
  administrative, accounting
  and legal services              $ 44     42    167
                                  ====   ====   ====

24. Segment Reporting

Management reports the results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries
through seven operating segments.  The operating segments are regularly reviewed
by the chief operating  decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and
in assessing  performance.  Reportable segments consist of one or more operating
segments  with  similar   economic   characteristics,   products  and  services,
production  processes,  type of  customer,  distribution  system and  regulatory
environment. The information provided for Segment Reporting is based on internal
reports utilized by management. Interest expense and certain revenue and expense
items are  allocated to the various  segments as interest  expense and overhead.
The  presentation  and  allocation of interest  expense and overhead and the net
contribution  for the  operating  segments  may not reflect the actual  economic
costs,  contribution  or  results  of  operations  of the unit as a stand  alone
business.  If a  different  basis  of  allocation  was  utilized,  the  relative
contributions  of the segments might differ but the relative  trends in segments
would, in management's view, likely not be impacted.


                                      115
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The following  summarizes the  aggregation of the Company's  operating  segments
into reportable segments:

Reportable Segment Operating Segments Aggregated

Bank Investments          Investments,   tax   certificates,   residential  loan
                          purchases,   CRA  lending  and  real  estate   capital
                          services

Commercial Banking        Commercial lending, syndications, international, lease
                          finance and trade finance

Community Banking         Indirect and direct consumer  lending,  small business
                          lending and ATM operations

Levitt Companies          Levitt Companies which includes  Levitt and Sons, Core
                          Communities, and real estate joint ventures.

Ryan Beck                 Investment banking and brokerage operations

Bancorp Parent Company    Costs  of  acquisitions,  financing  of  acquisitions,
                          goodwill  amortization  and  impairment,   and  equity
                          investments

BFC                       Holding Company BFC's real estate owned which includes
                          BMOC,  Center  Port  and 50%  interest  in the  Delray
                          property (sold in 2001).  Loans receivable that relate
                          to previously owned  properties,  other securities and
                          investments and BFC's overhead and interest expense.

The  accounting  policies  of the  segments  are  generally  the  same as  those
described  in the  summary  of  significant  accounting  policies.  Intersegment
transactions  consist of borrowings  by real estate  operations  and  investment
banking  operations  which are recorded  based upon the terms of the  underlying
loan  agreements  and are  effectively  eliminated  in the interest  expense and
overhead.

Segment  performance  is  evaluated  based on net  contribution  after tax.  The
following table presents  segment  information for income (loss) from continuing
operations  for the three years ended  December  31,  2001.  Since,  the Company
acquired  control  of  Bancorp  voting  rights in August  2000,  the 1999  table
excludes  Bancorp's  segment  performance on a consolidated  basis. In 1999, the
Company's ownership position of approximately 31.3% in Bancorp was carried under
the equity method.


                                      116
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              Bank Operations
                                 -----------------------------------------
                                     Bank        Commercial     Community       Levitt
(in thousands)                   Investments      Banking        Banking       Companies      Ryan Beck
                                 -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
<S>                              <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
2001
Interest income                  $   179,694    $   118,430    $    27,151    $     1,989    $     1,978
Interest expense and overhead       (135,160)       (68,864)       (16,325)          (180)          (517)
Benefit (provision) for loan
losses                                   215        (21,096)         3,976             --             --
Non-interest income                      919          3,074         11,073         38,358         44,683
Depreciation and amortization         (2,534)          (319)          (759)           (96)        (1,580)
Segment profits and losses
 before taxes                         39,383         25,413          6,456         11,640         (2,026)
Provision (benefit) for income
taxes                                 14,598          9,420          2,393          4,118           (709)
                                 -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
Segment net income (loss)        $    24,785    $    15,993    $     4,063    $     7,522    $    (1,317)
                                 ===========    ===========    ===========    ===========    ===========

Segment average assets           $ 2,571,246    $ 1,368,850    $   323,430    $   173,437    $    74,108
                                 ===========    ===========    ===========    ===========    ===========
Equity method investments
 included in total assets        $        --    $        --    $        --    $     7,127    $        --
                                 ===========    ===========    ===========    ===========    ===========
Expenditures for  segment
  Assets                         $       137    $         3    $       157    $        --    $     1,003
                                 ===========    ===========    ===========    ===========    ===========
</TABLE>

                                   Bancorp          BFC
                                    Parent        Holding        Segment
(in thousands)                     Company        Company         Total
                                 -----------    -----------    -----------
2001
Interest income                  $       229    $       383    $   329,854
Interest expense and overhead        (18,990)        (4,125)      (244,161)
Provision for loan losses                  0              0        (16,905)
Non-interest income                    3,123         (1,905)        99,325
Depreciation and amortization         (7,749)          (570)       (13,607)
Segment profits and losses
 before taxes                        (26,524)        (5,647)        48,695
Provision (benefit) for income
taxes                                 (6,965)         2,660         25,515
                                 -----------    -----------    -----------
Segment net income (loss)        $   (19,559)   $    (8,307)   $    23,180
                                 ===========    ===========    ===========

Segment average assets           $    99,220    $    28,751    $ 4,639,042
                                 ===========    ===========    ===========
Equity method investments
 included in total assets        $     1,107    $        --    $     8,234
                                 ===========    ===========    ===========
Expenditures for  segment
  Assets                         $        --    $        --    $     1,300
                                 ===========    ===========    ===========


                                      117
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Bank Operations
                                -----------------------------------------
                                    Bank       Commercial      Community       Levitt
(in thousands)                  Investments      Banking        Banking       Companies      Ryan Beck
                                -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
<S>                             <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
2000
Interest income                 $   178,229    $   116,196    $    33,238    $     2,264    $     2,151
Interest expense and overhead      (145,565)       (68,030)       (20,229)        (1,315)          (551)
Provision for loan losses              (449)       (15,866)       (12,817)            --             --
Non-interest income                     731          2,359         11,693         29,670         52,133
Depreciation and
 Amortization                        (1,870)           654           (239)           (78)        (1,677)
Segment profits and losses
 before taxes                        27,474         27,756         (9,595)        10,163          1,849
Provision (benefit)
  for income taxes                    9,576          9,982         (3,626)         3,208            982
                                -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
Segment net income (loss)       $    17,898    $    17,774    $    (5,969)   $     6,955    $       867
                                ===========    ===========    ===========    ===========    ===========

Segment average assets          $ 2,484,625    $ 1,173,581    $   350,973    $   157,090    $    43,890
                                ===========    ===========    ===========    ===========    ===========
Equity method investments
 included in total assets       $        --    $        --    $        --    $     7,559    $        --
                                ===========    ===========    ===========    ===========    ===========
Expenditures for  segment
  Assets                        $        35    $        14    $       201    $        --    $       800
                                ===========    ===========    ===========    ===========    ===========
</TABLE>

                                  Bancorp          BFC
                                  Parent         Holding
                                  Company        Company         Total
                                -----------    -----------    -----------
2000
Interest income                 $     1,206    $     1,005    $   334,289
Interest expense and overhead       (22,990)        (3,767)      (262,447)
Provision for loan losses                --             --        (29,132)
Non-interest income                   1,506         (1,907)        96,185
Depreciation and
 Amortization                        (2,946)          (556)        (6,712)
Segment profits and losses
 before taxes                       (27,287)        (4,669)        25,691
Provision (benefit)
  for income taxes                   (7,534)         1,755         14,343
                                -----------    -----------    -----------
Segment net income (loss)       $   (19,753)   $    (6,424)   $    11,348
                                ===========    ===========    ===========

Segment average assets          $    88,844    $    37,654    $ 4,336,657
                                ===========    ===========    ===========
Equity method investments
 included in total assets       $     1,500    $        --    $     9,059
                                ===========    ===========    ===========
Expenditures for  segment
  Assets                        $        --    $        --    $     1,050
                                ===========    ===========    ===========


                                      118
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                BFC Holding
                                  Company
                                  Segment
1999                               Total
                                -----------
Interest income                 $     1,529
Interest expense and overhead        (3,905)
Provision for loan losses              (300)
Non-interest income                  14,110
Depreciation and amortization          (509)
Segment profit before taxes          11,434
Provision  for income taxes           4,183
                                -----------
Segment net income              $     7,251
                                ===========

Segment average assets          $    96,134
                                ===========
Equity method investments
 included in total assets       $    73,764
                                ===========

The differences between segment average assets, and consolidated average assets,
and  segment  interest  income and  consolidated  interest  income  and  segment
non-interest income and consolidated non-interest income are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                For the Year Ended
                                                                    December 31,
                                                     -----------------------------------------
Average Assets                                          2001           2000           1999
                                                     -----------    -----------    -----------
<S>                                                  <C>            <C>            <C>
Average  assets for reportable segments              $ 4,639,042    $ 4,336,657    $    96,134
Average assets in overhead                                85,128         94,375             --
                                                     -----------    -----------    -----------
Total average consolidated assets                    $ 4,724,170    $ 4,431,032    $    96,134
                                                     ===========    ===========    ===========

Non-interest Income
Total non-interest income for reportable segments    $    99,325    $    96,185    $    14,110
Items included in interest expense and overhead:
Transaction fee income                                    16,372         13,666             --
Gains on sales of assets                                     178            874             --
Other deposit related fees                                 5,493          3,532             --
                                                     -----------    -----------    -----------
Total consolidated non-interest income               $   121,368    $   114,257    $    14,110
                                                     ===========    ===========    ===========

Interest Income
Total interest income for reportable segments        $   329,854    $   334,289    $     1,529
Deferred interest income on real estate activities        (3,456)        (4,168)            --
Elimination entries                                         (397)        (1,225)            --
                                                     -----------    -----------    -----------
Total consolidated interest income                   $   326,001    $   328,896    $     1,529
                                                     ===========    ===========    ===========
</TABLE>


                                      119
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    For the Year Ended
                                                                        December 31,
                                                              --------------------------------
                                                                2001        2000        1999
                                                              --------    --------    --------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>         <C>
Segment Profits
Total segment profits before taxes for reportable segments    $ 48,695    $ 25,691    $ 11,434
Restructuring charges
                                                                  (331)     (2,656)         --
                                                              --------    --------    --------
                                                                48,364      23,035      11,434
                                                              --------    --------    --------
Total provision for income taxes for reportable segments        25,515      14,343       4,183
Income tax benefit relating to restructuring charges               119         981          --
                                                              --------    --------    --------
Total consolidated provision for income taxes                   25,396      13,362       4,183
                                                              --------    --------    --------
 Minority interest in income of consolidated subsidiaries       18,379      14,655          --
                                                              --------    --------    --------
Total consolidated income (loss) from continuing operations   $  4,589    $ (4,982)   $  7,251
                                                              ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>

Depreciation  and  amortization   consist  of:   depreciation  on  property  and
equipment,  amortization  of premiums and  discounts  on loans and  investments,
amortization of cost over fair value of net assets acquired, and amortization of
the retention pool.

25. Subsequent Events

On December 29, 2000,  Smith & Company,  Inc.  ("Smith") filed an action against
Levitt-Ansca Towne Partnership (the  "Partnership"),  Bellaggio By Levitt Homes,
Inc.  ("BLHI"),  Bellaggio By Ansca, Inc. a/k/a Bellaggio By Ansca Homes,  Inc.,
and  Liberty  Mutual  Insurance  Company  seeking  damages  and other  relief in
connection with an August 21, 2000 contract  entered into with the  Partnership.
BLHI is a 50% partner of the Partnership and is wholly owned by Levitt and Sons.
The Complaint alleged that the Partnership  wrongfully  terminated the contract,
failed to pay for extra work  performed  outside the scope of the  contract  and
breached the contract. The Partnership denied the claims,  asserted defenses and
asserted a number of  counterclaims.  This case was tried before a jury,  and on
March 7, 2002, the jury returned a verdict against the Partnership. On March 11,
2002, the Court entered a final judgment against the Defendants in the amount of
$3.68 million. In addition, under the final judgment it is likely that Smith and
its surety  company  will be entitled  to recover  legal fees and costs of up to
$750,000 in the aggregate.  Since BLHI is a 50% partner of the Partnership,  its
share of  potential  liability  under the judgment  and for  attorneys'  fees is
estimated to be  approximately  $2.6 million.  The Partnership has filed several
post-trial  motions  and  intends to  vigorously  pursue  those  motions and all
available appeals.  Included in non-interest  expense in the Company's Statement
of  Operations  during  the year  ended  December  31,  2001 was a $2.6  million
litigation accrual associated with the above litigation.

On March 22, 2002 BankAtlantic  acquired  Community Savings Bankshares Inc., the
parent company of Community Savings, F.A. ("Community"),  for approximately $170
million in cash and  immediately  merged  Community  into  BankAtlantic.  At the
acquisition   date  Bancorp  made  a  $78.5  million  capital   contribution  to
BankAtlantic.  BankAtlantic  funded  the  acquisition  of  Community  from $78.5
million of the capital contribution received from Bancorp and the liquidation of
investments...Community  was a federally  chartered savings and loan association
founded in 1955 and headquartered in North Palm Beach, Florida. Community had 21
branches,  with 13 located in Palm Beach County,  4 located in Martin County,  3
located in St. Lucie County and 1 located in Indian River County.

In  October  2001,  Bancorp  filed  a  shelf  registration  statement  with  the
Securities and Exchange Commission to offer from time to time up to an aggregate
of $150  million of debt  securities,  shares of Class A Common  Stock and trust
preferred  securities.  During December 2001, Bancorp sold 6.9 million shares of
its Class A Common Stock under this  registration  statement in an  underwritten
public  offering  at a  price  of  $8.25  per  share.  The  net  proceeds  after
underwriting  discounts and expenses were approximately  $53.5 million.  Bancorp
formed  Bancorp  Capital  Trust II ("Bancorp  Capital II") a statutory  business
trust for the purpose of issuing Trust  Preferred  Securities  and investing the
proceeds thereof in Bancorp Junior Subordinated Debentures. Bancorp completed an
underwritten  public offering under this shelf  registration  statement in which
Bancorp  Capital  II  issued  2.22  million  shares  of  8.50%  Trust  Preferred
Securities, at a price of $25 per share. The gross proceeds from the offering of
$55.4  million were invested in an identical  principal  amount of Bancorp 8.50%
Junior Subordinated Debentures which bear interest at the same rate as the 8.50%
Trust Preferred  Securities and have a stated maturity of 30 years. In addition,
Bancorp  contributed  $1.7 million to Bancorp Capital II in exchange for Bancorp
Capital  II's  Common  Securities  and such  proceeds  were also  invested in an
identical  principal  amount of 8.50% Junior  Subordinated  debentures.  Bancorp
Capital II's sole asset is $57.1 million in aggregate  principal amount of 8.50%
Junior Subordinated Debentures.


                                      120
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Holders of Bancorp Capital II's Trust Preferred  Securities and the Trust Common
Securities  are entitled to receive a cumulative  cash  distribution  at a fixed
8.50%  rate  of the  $25  liquidation  amount  of each  security  and the  Trust
Preferred  Securities will have a preference  under certain  circumstances  with
respect to cash distributions and amounts payable on liquidation,  redemption or
otherwise over the Trust Common Securities held by Bancorp.  The Trust Preferred
Securities are considered  debt for financial  accounting and tax purposes.  The
net proceeds from this Trust Preferred  Securities  offering after  underwriting
discounts  and  expenses  were  approximately  $53.5  million.  Bancorp used the
proceeds from the above equity and trust preferred  securities offerings to fund
a portion of the  purchase  price to acquire  Community  Savings and for general
corporate purposes.


                                      121
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

ITEM  9.  CHANGES  IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

None.

                                    PART III

Items 10 through 13 are  incorporated  by reference to the Company's  definitive
proxy  statement to be filed with the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission,  no
later  than 120 days after the end of the year  covered  by this Form 10-K,  or,
alternatively,  by  amendment  to this Form 10-K  under  cover of Form 10K/A not
later than the end of such 120 day period.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)-1    Financial Statements - See Item 8

(a)-2    Financial  Statement  Schedules  - All  schedules  are  omitted  as the
         required  information  is either not  applicable  or  presented  in the
         financial statements or related notes.

(a)-3    Index to Exhibits

3.1      Articles of Incorporation, as amended and restated - See Exhibit 3.1 of
         Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed October 16, 1997.

3.2      By-laws - See Exhibit 3.2 of  Registrant's  Registration  Statement  on
         Form 8-A filed October 16, 1997.

10.1     BFC  Financial  Corporation  Stock  Option  Plan  -  See  Exhibit  A to
         Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement filed September 24, 1997.

12.1     Statement re computation of ratios - Ratio of earnings to fixed charges
         - attached as Exhibit 12.1

21.1     Subsidiaries of the registrant:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
======================================================= ================ =============== ===========================================
                                                            Date of          State of
               Subsidiary Name                           Incorporation    Incorporation           Business Purpose
======================================================= ================ =============== ===========================================
Subsidiaries of BFC Financial Corporation
====================================================================================================================================
<S>                                                     <C>              <C>             <C>
BankAtlantic Bancorp, Inc.                                 April 1994        Florida     Savings bank holding company.
Eden Services, Inc.                                         May 1978         Florida     Real estate holding company.
U.S. Capital Securities, Inc.                              July 1980         Florida     Securities broker.
I.R.E. Realty Advisory Group, Inc.                          May 1981         Florida     Holding company.
I.R.E. Real Estate Investments Series 2, Inc.            February 1991       Florida     Real estate owner and operator.
I.R.E. Property Management, Inc.                          August 1984        Florida     Manages commercial real estate.
I.R.E. Pension Advisors II, Corp.                          July 1985         Florida     General partner of real estate
                                                                                         limited partnership.
Center Port Development, Inc.                             December 1985      Florida     General partner of real estate
                                                                                         limited partnership.
I.R.E. BMOC, Inc.                                         February 1991      Florida     Real estate owner and operator.
I.R.E. BMOC II, Inc.                                       March 1997        Florida     Real estate owner and operator.
BankAtlantic Financial Technology Venture Partners, LLC  November 2000       Florida     General partner of technology
                                                                                         limited partnership.
N & N Partners, LLC                                        July 2000         Florida     General partner of technology
                                                                                         limited partnership.
nC Partners, LLC                                           July 2000         Florida     General partner of technology
                                                                                         limited partnership.
BankAtlantic Financial Ventures II, LLC                    July 2000         Florida     General partner of technology
                                                                                         limited partnership.
</TABLE>


                                      122
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 Date of         State
                Subsidiary Name               Incorporation  Incorporated              Business Purpose
====================================================================================================================================
Subsidiaries of BankAtlantic Bancorp, Inc.
====================================================================================================================================
<S>                                              <C>         <C>           <C>
BankAtlantic                                     2/1952           US       A federal savings bank which provides traditional
                                                                           retail and commercial banking service.
ATM Services, LLC                                5/1991         Florida    Inactive
Bancorp Capital Trust I                          3/1997        Delaware    A statutory business trust
Bancorp Capital Trust II                         10/2001       Delaware    A statutory business trust
BankAtlantic Bancorp Partners, Inc.              3/1998         Florida    Inactive
TSC Holding, LLC                                 11/1995        Florida    Invests in tax certificates
Ryan, Beck & Co., LLC *                          1/1995       New Jersey   Investment bankers
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Levitt Companies,
LLC                                              12/1982        Florida    Holding Company
====================================================================================================================================
Subsidiaries of Ryan Beck & Co. LLC
====================================================================================================================================
Ryan Beck Asset Sales, Inc.                      11/1988      New Jersey   Inactive
Cumberland Advisors, Inc.                        7/1993          Maine     Money manager
Ryan Beck Financial Corp.                        3/1983       New Jersey   Broker/dealer
Ryan Beck Planning and Insurance Agency Inc.     7/1988       New Jersey   Insurance Services
====================================================================================================================================
Subsidiaries of BankAtlantic
====================================================================================================================================
Banc Servicing Center, LLC                       9/1995         Florida    Inactive
BankAtlantic Asset Management, Inc.              12/2001      New Jersey   Inactive
BankAtlantic Factors, LLC                        1/1997         Florida    Inactive
BankAtlantic Financial Services, LLC             12/2001        Florida    Insurance and alternative investments.
BA Holdings Inc.                                 5/2001       New Jersey   Manages R.E.I.T.
BankAtlantic Leasing Inc.                        8/1989         Florida    Inactive
BankAtlantic Mortgage, LLC                       5/1991         Florida    Inactive
Fidelity Service, LLC                            10/1970        Florida    Inactive
Fidelity Tax, LLC                                3/2000         Florida    Invests in tax Certificates
Hammock Homes, LLC                               10/1990        Florida    Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                           BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 1, LLC                                 2/1991         Florida    Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                           BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 11, LLC                                5/1991         Florida    Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                           BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 13, LLC                                5/1991         Florida    Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                           BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 14, LLC                                5/1991         Florida    Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                           BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 16, LLC                                6/1992         Florida    Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                           BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 18, LLC                                6/1992         Florida    Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                           BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 19, LLC                                6/1992         Florida    Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                           BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
</TABLE>


                                      123
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              Date of          State
                   Subsidiary Name         Incorporation   Incorporated                                  Business Purpose

<S>                                           <C>             <C>                  <C>
Heartwood 2, LLC                              2/1991          Florida              Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                                   BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 20, LLC                             6/1992          Florida              Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                                   BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 21, LLC                             2/1991          Florida              Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                                   BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 3, LLC                              2/1991          Florida              Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                                   BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 4, LLC                              2/1991          Florida              Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                                   BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 7, LLC                              5/1991          Florida              Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                                   BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 87, LLC                             3/1987          Florida              Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                                   BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 88, LLC                             5/1988          Florida              Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                                   BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 90, LLC                             11/1990         Florida              Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                                   BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 91, LLC                             1/1991          Florida              Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                                   BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 91-1, LLC                           2/1986          Florida              Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                                   BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 91-2, LLC                           7/1987          Florida              Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                                   BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 91-3, LLC                           12/1985         Florida              Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                                   BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Heartwood 91-4, LLC                           1/1986          Florida              Takes title, manages, and disposes of
                                                                                   BankAtlantic's foreclosures.
Sunrise Atlantic, LLC                         1/1990          Florida              Invests in Tax Certificates
Professional Valuation Services, LLC          10/1987         Florida              Inactive
Heartwood Holdings, Inc.                      7/1988          Florida              Real estate investment trust.
Leasing Technology, Inc.                      2/1998          Florida              Lease financing of vehicles and equipment.
====================================================================================================================================
Subsidiaries of Leasing Technology Inc.
====================================================================================================================================
LTI Aviation Finance Corp.                    11/1991         Florida              Financing of aviation vehicles
LTI Vehicle Finance Corp.                     12/1997         Florida              Financing of motor vehicles
LTI Vehicle Leasing Corp.                     5/1987          Florida              Leasing of motor vehicles
====================================================================================================================================
Subsidiaries of Levitt Companies, LLC
====================================================================================================================================
Levitt and Sons, LLC                          12/1988         Florida              Real estate developer
Core Communities, LLC                         5/17/1996       Florida              Holding Company
BankAtlantic Venture Partners 1, LLC          12/1985         Florida              Invests in real estate joint ventures
BankAtlantic Venture Partners 2, LLC          12/1986         Florida              Invests in real estate joint ventures
BankAtlantic Venture Partners 3, LLC          12/1987         Florida              Invests in real estate joint ventures
BankAtlantic Venture Partners 4, LLC          12/1987         Florida              Invests in real estate joint ventures
Westchester Development Company, LLC          3/1998          Florida              Develops real estate.
BankAtlantic Venture Partners 7, Inc.         3/1998          Florida              Invests in real estate joint ventures


                                      124
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES


                                              Date of          State
                   Subsidiary Name         Incorporation   Incorporated                                  Business Purpose

BankAtlantic Venture Partners 8, Inc.         3/1998          Florida              Invests in real estate joint ventures
BankAtlantic Venture Partners 9, Inc.         3/1998          Florida              Invests in real estate joint ventures
BankAtlantic Venture Partners 10, Inc.        3/1998          Florida              Invests in real estate joint ventures
BankAtlantic Venture Partners 11, Inc.        4/1999          Florida              Invests in real estate joint ventures
BankAtlantic Venture Partners 14, Inc.        4/1999          Florida              Invests in real estate joint ventures
BankAtlantic Venture Partners 15, Inc.        4/1999          Florida              Invests in real estate joint ventures
Levitt Commercial Development LLC             1/2001          Florida              Develops real estate.
Levitt Commercial LLC                         1/2001          Florida              Develops real estate.
Miami River Partners, LLC                     5/1998          Florida              Invests in real estate joint ventures
Levitt Corporation                            12/2001         Florida              Inactive
====================================================================================================================================
Subsidiaries of Core Communities, LLC
====================================================================================================================================
St. Lucie West Development Company, LLC       5/17/1996       Florida              Holds real estate
St. Lucie West Realty, LLC                    7/1986          Florida              Sale of real estate
St. Lucie West Utilities, Inc.                4/1986          Florida              Manages utilities
St. Lucie Farms, LLC                          9/2000          Florida              Holds real estate
Lake Charles Development Company, LLC         5/1996          Florida              Develops real estate
Core Commercial Realty, LLC                   10/1999         Florida              Sells real estate
Live Oak Development 1, LLC                   4/1999          Florida              Develops real estate
Horizons St. Lucie Development, LLC           4/1999          Florida              Develops real estate
Wiregrass Ranch, LLC                          12/2001         Florida              Develops real estate
====================================================================================================================================
Subsidiaries of Levitt and Sons, LLC
====================================================================================================================================
Levitt and Sons, Inc.                         12/2001         Florida              Inactive
Levitt & Sons Incorporated                    12/1997        Delaware              Inactive
BankAtlantic Venture Partners 5, LLC          12/1987         Florida              Invests in real estate joint ventures
LD Company of Broward, LLC                    5/1988          Florida              Inactive
Cascades by Levitt and Sons, LLC              11/1992         Florida              Real estate developer
Regency Hills by Levitt and Sons, LLC         10/1988         Florida              Real estate developer
Levitt Homes, LLC                             2/1976          Florida              Real estate developer
Levitt Industries, LLC                        10/1979         Florida              Inactive
Magnolia Lakes by Levitt and Sons, LLC        12/1985         Florida              Real estate developer
Levitt Realty Services, Inc.                  10/1990         Florida              Real estate broker
Levitt Realty Services, LLC                   12/2001         Florida              Inactive
Levitt Springs, LLC                           6/1990          Florida              Inactive
Avalon Park by Levitt and Sons, LLC           8/1996          Florida              Real estate developer
Levitt Construction Corp., East               10/1979         Florida              General contractor
Levitt Construction East, LLC                 12/2001         Florida              General contractor
Levitt Homes Bellaggio Partners, LLC          5/1987          Florida              Invests in real estate joint ventures
Subsidiaries of Levitt Industries, LLC
====================================================================================================================================
LD Financial Management, LLC                  8/1996          Florida              Inactive
Lev-Brn, LLC                                  7/1988          Florida              Invests in real estate joint ventures
Subsidiaries of Levitt Homes, LLC
====================================================================================================================================
Bellaggio by Levitt and Sons, LLC             6/1986          Florida              Real estate developer
Hamshire Homes, LTD                           6/1986         Maryland              Holds real estate.
</TABLE>


                                      125
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              Date of          State
                   Subsidiary Name         Incorporation   Incorporated                     Business Purpose

<S>                                          <C>              <C>                  <C>
Levitt at Amherst, LLC                       10/1987          Florida              General partner in real estate development
Levitt at Huntington Lakes, LLC              10/1994          Florida              Develops real estate
Levitt at Twin Acres, LLC                    12/1993          Florida              General partner in real estate development
Levitt at Westchester West, LLC              9/1988           Florida              General partner in real estate development
Levitt at Westchester, LLC                   10/1987          Florida              Inactive
Levitt Hagen Ranch, LLC                      3/1998           Florida              General partner in real estate development
Levitt Homes at Waters Edge, Inc.            8/1988          New York              Inactive
LM Mortgage Company, LLC                     4/1999           Florida              Mortgage broker
The Villages at Emerald Lakes, LLC           7/1990           Florida              Inactive
U.F.C. Title Insurance Agency, LLC           11/1984          Florida              Title agent
</TABLE>

         * Original partnership founded in 1946.


23.1     Consent of KPMG LLP - Attached as Exhibit 23.1

(b)      Reports on Form 8-K

         None

(c)      Exhibits - See Item 14(a) - 3 above.


                                      126
<PAGE>


                   BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES


                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION
Registrant


By:  /S/ Alan B. Levan                                    March 26, 2002
     -----------------------------------
     ALAN B. LEVAN, President

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following  persons on behalf of the  Registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



/S/ Alan B. Levan                                         March 26, 2002
----------------------------------------
ALAN B. LEVAN, Director and
   Principal Executive Officer


/S/ Glen R. Gilbert                                       March 26, 2002
----------------------------------------
GLEN R. GILBERT, Chief Financial Officer


 /S/ John E. Abdo                                         March 26, 2002
----------------------------------------
JOHN E. ABDO, Director


/S/ Earl Pertnoy                                          March 26, 2002
----------------------------------------
EARL PERTNOY, Director


                                      127

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
